{\rtf1\ansi\uc1\deff0\deflang1024
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}
{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}
{\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}
{\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Courier New;}
{\f4\fnil\fcharset0 Zapf Chancery;}
{\f5\fnil\fcharset0 STIXGeneral;}
{\f6\fnil\fcharset0 MS Gothic;}
}
{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
}
{\stylesheet
{\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24 \snext0 Normal;}
{\cs10 \additive\ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}
{\s1\qc\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs40 \sbasedon0\snext0 Part;}
{\s2\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs40 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 1;}
{\s3\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 2;}
{\s4\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 3;}
{\s5\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 4;}
{\s6\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 5;}
{\s7\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 6;}
{\s8\qr\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext8 rightpar;}
{\s9\qc\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext9 centerpar;}
{\s10\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext10 leftpar;}
{\s11\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 equation;}
{\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 equationNum;}
{\s13\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 equationAlign;}
{\s14\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 equationAlignNum;}
{\s15\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 equationArray;}
{\s16\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 equationArrayNum;}
{\s17\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext0 theorem;}
{\s18\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 bitmapCenter;}
{\s20\qc\sb240\sa240\b\f0\fs36 \sbasedon0\snext21 Title;}
{\s21\qc\sa120\f0\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext0 author;}
{\s22\ql\tqc\tx4536\tqr\tx9072\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext22 footer;}
{\s23\ql\tqc\tx4536\tqr\tx9072\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext23 header;}
{\s30\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 caption;}
{\s31\qc\sb120\sa0\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext0 Figure;}
{\s32\qc\sb120\sa0\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext32 Table;}
{\s33\qc\sb120\sa0\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext33 Tabular;}
{\s34\qc\sb120\sa0\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext34 Tabbing;}
{\s35\qj\li1024\ri1024\fi340\widctlpar\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext35 Quote;}
{\s38\ql\widctlpar\f3\fs24 \snext38 verbatim;}
{\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext46 List;}
{\s47\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext47 List 1;}
{\s50\qc\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 latex picture;}
{\s51\qc\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 subfigure;}
{\s61\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32 \sbasedon0\snext62 bibheading;}
{\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext62 bibitem;}
{\s64\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext64 endnotes;}
{\s65\ql\fi-113\li397\lin397\f0\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext65 footnote text;}
{\s66\qj\fi-170\li454\lin454\f0\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext66 endnote text;}
{\cs62\super \additive\sbasedon10 footnote reference;}
{\cs63\super \additive\sbasedon10 endnote reference;}
{\s67\ql\sb60\sa60\keepn\f0\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext67 acronym;}
{\s70\qc\sa120\b\f0\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext71 abstract title;}
{\s71\qj\li1024\ri1024\fi340\widctlpar\f0\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext0 abstract;}
{\s80\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext0 contents_heading;}
{\s81\ql\li425\tqr\tldot\tx8222\sb240\sa60\keepn\f0\fs24\b \sbasedon0\snext82 toc 1;}
{\s82\ql\li512\tqr\tldot\tx8222\sb60\sa60\keepn\f0\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext83 toc 2;}
{\s83\ql\li1024\tqr\tldot\tx8222\sb60\sa60\keepn\f0\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext84 toc 3;}
{\s84\ql\li1536\tqr\tldot\tx8222\sb60\sa60\keepn\f0\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext85 toc 4;}
{\s85\ql\li2048\tqr\tldot\tx8222\sb60\sa60\keepn\f0\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext86 toc 5;}
{\s86\ql\li2560\tqr\tldot\tx8222\sb60\sa60\keepn\f0\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext86 toc 6;}
}
{\info
{\title Original file was main.tex}
{\doccomm Created using latex2rtf 2.3.18 r1267 (released May 30, 2020) on Tue May 31 20:34:41 2022
}
}
{\footer\pard\plain\f0\fs24\qc\chpgn\par}
\paperw12280\paperh15900\margl2680\margr2700\margt2540\margb1760\pgnstart0\widowctrl\qj\ftnbj\f0\aftnnar
{{{\page
\pard\plain\s9\qc\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl360\slmult1 \fi0 \fs20 {\scaps \fs41 \par
}{\scaps \fs34 \pard\plain\s9\qc\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl360\slmult1 \sb853 \fi360 \fs34 \scaps Doctoral Thesis}\par
\pard\plain\s9\qc\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl360\slmult1 \sb284 \fi0 \fs20  \par
\pard\plain\s9\qc\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl360\slmult1 \sb227 \fi0 \fs20  {\fs48 \b \par
}\pard\plain\s9\qc\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl360\slmult1 \sb1080 \fi0 \fs20  { {\par
\fs29 \pard\plain\s10\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl360\slmult1 \fi0 \fs29 {\i Author:}\par
\pard\plain\s10\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl360\slmult1 \fi0 \fs29 {https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Bakytzhan\\s\\do7({\fs24 U})razbekov}{} \par
}}{{\fs29 \pard\plain\s8\qr\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl360\slmult1 \fi0 \fs29 {\i Supervisor:} \par
\pard\plain\s8\qr\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl360\slmult1 \fi0 \fs29 {https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Nunzio\\s\\do7({\fs24 I})taco}{} {\i Co-Supervisor:} \par
\pard\plain\s8\qr\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl360\slmult1 \fi0 \fs29 {https://www.researchgate.net/profile/A\\s\\do7({\fs24 D})enikin}{Prof. Andrey {\scaps Denikin}} \par
}}\pard\plain\s9\qc\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl360\slmult1 \sb1707 \fi0 \fs20  \par
\pard\plain\s9\qc\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl360\slmult1 \sb569 \fi0 \fs20  \par
\pard\plain\s9\qc\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl360\slmult1 \fi360 \fs20  \par
}}{\page
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl360\slmult1 \fi0 \fs20 \qc [Sorry. Ignored {\plain\f3\\begin\{declaration\} ... \\end\{declaration\}}]\par
}\page
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl360\slmult1 \sb2200 \fi0 \fs20 {\scaps0\i  By the love of God, the nations are created, \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl360\slmult1 \fi0 \fs20 \scaps0\i And you love them like yourself.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl360\slmult1 \fi0 \fs20 \scaps0\i Love people as brothers, like freedom,\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl360\slmult1 \fi0 \fs20 \scaps0\i Then truth and life are for you. }\par
{\pard\plain\s8\qr\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl360\slmult1 \fi0 \fs20 Abay Qunanbayev\par
\pard\plain\s8\qr\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl360\slmult1 \fi0 \fs20 {\i Kazakh poet and philosopher} \par
}{\page
\pard\plain\s70\qc\sa120\b\f0\fs24\sl360\slmult1 \fi360 \fs20 Abstract\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl360\slmult1 \li1024\ri1024\fi360 \fs20  {} In this work, the following light weakly bound atomic nuclei are studied: {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ \\s\\up5({\fs16 6})}}{\fldrslt }}
}He, {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ \\s\\up5({\fs16 6})}}{\fldrslt }}
}Li, and {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ \\s\\up5({\fs16 9})}}{\fldrslt }}
}Be. A three-body model {{\u945*}} + 2N for {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ \\s\\up5({\fs16 6})}}{\fldrslt }}
}He and {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ \\s\\up5({\fs16 6})}}{\fldrslt }}
}Li, and 2{{\u945*}} + N model for {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ \\s\\up5({\fs16 9})}}{\fldrslt }}
}Be are applied. The wave function of the three-body system is obtained within the framework of the Stochastic Variational Model based on the Gaussian basis. The interaction potentials for three-body systems have a Pauli projector, which excludes forbidden states. An analytical expression is obtained for the density distribution function of nuclear matter using the three-body wave function. The root-mean-square matter radii of {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ \\s\\up5({\fs16 6})}}{\fldrslt }}
}He, {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ \\s\\up5({\fs16 6})}}{\fldrslt }}
}Li, {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ \\s\\up5({\fs16 9})}}{\fldrslt }}
}Be nuclei are calculated and given comparisons with other sources.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl360\slmult1 \li1024\ri1024\fi360 \fs20 The interactions of {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ \\s\\up5({\fs16 6})}}{\fldrslt }}
}He, {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ \\s\\up5({\fs16 6})}}{\fldrslt }}
}Li, and {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ \\s\\up5({\fs16 9})}}{\fldrslt }}
}Be with the simplest particles, such as {{\u945*}}, {{\i d}} are studied in detail. On the basis of the calculated density distribution functions, the folding interaction potentials are obtained. The resulting folding interaction potential is applied to calculate the differential cross sections of elastic scattering in the framework of the optical model. Using the Coupled Channels approach for the {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ \\s\\up5({\fs16 9})}}{\fldrslt }}
}Be induced reactions the role of different reaction channels is studied, and deformation parameters are derived. The comparisons of theoretical cross sections with experimental data in inelastic channels for nuclear reaction {{\i d}} + {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ \\s\\up5({\fs16 9})}}{\fldrslt }}
}Be {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u8594*}}}{\fldrslt }}
} {{\i d}} + {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ \\s\\up5({\fs16 9})}}{\fldrslt }}
}Be{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ \\s\\up5({\fs16 *})}}{\fldrslt }}
} are given. \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl360\slmult1 \li1024\ri1024\fi360 \fs20 Within the framework of the Coupled Reaction Channels method, the cross sections for nuclear reactions of single-nucleon and cluster transfers are calculated taking into account the internal structure of {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ \\s\\up5({\fs16 6})}}{\fldrslt }}
}He, {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ \\s\\up5({\fs16 6})}}{\fldrslt }}
}Li, and {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ \\s\\up5({\fs16 9})}}{\fldrslt }}
}Be nuclei. The contributions of the {{\u945*}}-cluster and nucleon involved transfer channels for {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ \\s\\up5({\fs16 6})}}{\fldrslt }}
}He, {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ \\s\\up5({\fs16 6})}}{\fldrslt }}
}Li, and {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ \\s\\up5({\fs16 9})}}{\fldrslt }}
}Be are demonstrated. The obtained results based on the proposed theoretical approach reflect the cluster structure of the exploring nuclei.\par
}{\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl360\slmult1 \sb120 \fi0 \fs20 \qc [Sorry. Ignored {\plain\f3\\begin\{acknowledgements\} ... \\end\{acknowledgements\}}]\par
}\pard\plain\s80\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs24\sl360\slmult1 \fi0 \fs20  Contents\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl360\slmult1 \fi0 \fs20 \par
{\field{\*\fldinst TOC \\o "1-3" }{\fldrslt }}
\page
\pard\plain\s80\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs24\sl360\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 \fs20  List of Figures\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl360\slmult1 \fi0 \fs20 \par
{\field{\*\fldinst TOC \\f f }{\fldrslt }}
\page
\pard\plain\s80\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs24\sl360\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 \fs20  List of Tables\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl360\slmult1 \fi0 \fs20 \par
{\field{\*\fldinst TOC \\f t }{\fldrslt }}
{\page
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 \fs20 \qc [Sorry. Ignored {\plain\f3\\begin\{abbreviations\} ... \\end\{abbreviations\}}]\par
}{\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \fs20 \qc [Sorry. Ignored {\plain\f3\\begin\{constants\} ... \\end\{constants\}}]\par
}{\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \fs20 \qc [Sorry. Ignored {\plain\f3\\begin\{symbols\} ... \\end\{symbols\}}]\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi360 \fs20 {To the memory of my mother} \par
\pard\plain\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs40\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \fs20 Chapter\par
\pard\plain\s2\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs40\sl480\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0 Introduction\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0 {Introduction}\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi360 Humanity has always been interested in the structure of the Universe - how it works, what it consists of. The understanding and naming of modern objects such as molecules and atoms began in antiquity. The meaning of the word atom, in Greek {{\u945*}{\u964*}{\i o}{\u956*}{\i o}{\u962*}}, is indivisible, or the uncut particle of matter. Modern science has gone much deeper and determined that the atom is actually a complex particle. According to the standard model, the fundamental particles are now six quarks, six leptons and their corresponding anti-particles (for more details, see 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_donoghue2014dynamics \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{donoghue2014dynamics}}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_griffiths2020introduction \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{griffiths2020introduction}}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_ramond1999journeys \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{ramond1999journeys}}}
]). This has been achieved mainly through theoretical predictions and the development of integrated complex technology, detection systems designed to detect even the smallest particle of fundamental interactions. Particularly, in the modern nuclear physics the experimental techniques have also been successfully developed in the field of the production of secondary beams. Secondary beams, being rare and unstable nuclei, allow studying the properties and characteristics of the dripline nuclei, challenging the nuclear physics.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi360 In recent years, the study of light weakly bound nuclei has not become less interesting due to the successful development of experimental facilities 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_ter2004radioactive \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{ter2004radioactive}}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_yano2007riken \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{yano2007riken}}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_gade2016nscl \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{gade2016nscl}}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_hong2014plan \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{hong2014plan}}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_fukuda2013identification \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{fukuda2013identification}}}
]. It is known that in nuclei the nucleons tend to group into clusters. A well known manifestation of the cluster structure in heavy nuclei is the {{\u945*}}-decay of {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ \\s\\up6({\fs20 238})}}{\fldrslt }}
}U, first experimentally discovered by E. Rutherford 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_rutherford1899viii \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{rutherford1899viii}}}
]. The {{\u945*}}-decay means that {{\u945*}}-cluster can be formed in the uranium nucleus as an individual subsystem with the following emission. The first quantitative theory of {{\u945*}}-decay was developed by G. Gamov (see 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_stuewer1986gamow \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{stuewer1986gamow}}}
]). In addition to {{\u945*}}-decay, there is also a cluster decay, where an emitted particle can be a heavy nucleus, for example \endash  {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ \\s\\up6({\fs20 12})}}{\fldrslt }}
}C 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_poenaru2012cluster \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{poenaru2012cluster}}}
].\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi360 There are many theoretical approaches 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_descouvemont200112be \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{descouvemont200112be}}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_tohsaki2001alpha \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{tohsaki2001alpha}}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_kanada1995structure \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{kanada1995structure}}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_pudliner1997quantum \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{pudliner1997quantum}}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_zhukov1993bound \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{zhukov1993bound}}}
] devoted to studying the structure of exotic nuclei. In particular, the nuclear excitation function for light exotic nuclei is well reproduced by the No Core Shell Model (NCSM) 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_navratil2009recent \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{navratil2009recent}}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_forssen2005large \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{forssen2005large}}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_navratil2003ab \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{navratil2003ab}}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_navratil2002ab \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{navratil2002ab}}}
]. The method uses one-particle basis function of the harmonic oscillator, realistic NN, NNN interactions. This method is reduced to solving the {{\i A}}-nucleon Schr\'f6dinger equation on the basis containing all possible configurations of {{\i A}}-nucleon oscillator functions. However, the size of the basis grows rapidly with the number of nucleons, the reliability of the NCSM model calculations decreases in the case of heavy nuclei. At present, the capabilities of modern computational machines make it possible to calculate with sufficient accuracy for nuclei with masses {{\i A}{\u8804*}16}. For example, in Ref. 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_forssen2005large \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{forssen2005large}}}
] within the framework of this model, the excitation spectrum of the one-particle basis for the {\up8\fs20 9}Beis in good agreement with the experimental data 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_tilley2004energy \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{tilley2004energy}}}
]. \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi360 The microscopic description, that is, taking into account the NN effective potential, of the break-up reaction is presented in the Resonating Group Method (RGM) 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_horiuchi1970generator \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{horiuchi1970generator}}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_tang1978resonating \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{tang1978resonating}}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_wheeler1937mathematical \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{wheeler1937mathematical}}}
]. Generalization of the RGM consists in constructing overall mathematically equivalent methods for the simultaneous calculation in the nuclear structures and nuclear reactions. The practical application of this method is also limited in the region of the lightest nuclei due to the lack of computational power in the antisymmetrization process. In the work 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_nesterov2010three \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{nesterov2010three}}}
] the algebraic RGM was successfully applied in describing the internal structure {\up8\fs20 6}He, {\up8\fs20 6}Li, and {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ \\s\\up6({\fs20 8})}}{\fldrslt }}
}He nuclei, their rms matter and proton and neutron radii, as well as nuclear matter distribution density were calculated. Also the fusion reactions at low energies with {\up8\fs20 6}Hewere presented.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi360 Similar to the RGM 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_horiuchi1970generator \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{horiuchi1970generator}}}
], is the Generator Coordinate Method (GCM), if one takes the full model space of the basis Bloch-Brink wave functions 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_brink1966proceedings \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{brink1966proceedings}}}
]. In the framework of the GCM it is possible to carry out calculations for the nuclei with medium masses taking into account a few clusters. For scattering problems, the RGM can be applied rather straightforwardly because the inter-cluster wave function is explicitly treated. On the other hand, in the application of the GCM to scattering problems, it is necessary to connect the basis wave functions in the internal region with continuum states in the asymptotic region at a chosen channel radius 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_descouvemont2010r \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{descouvemont2010r}}}
]. Microscopic three-body calculations for two valence neutrons around a core nucleus have been achieved by many groups to investigate the neutron halo and two-neutron correlation in drip-line nuclei such as {\up8\fs20 6}He{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ \\s\\up6({\fs20 14})}}{\fldrslt }}
}Be 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_arai1999structure \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{arai1999structure}}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_descouvemont1995halo \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{descouvemont1995halo}}}
]. The {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ \\s\\up6({\fs20 12})}}{\fldrslt }}
}Be using the GCM has been studied 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_descouvemont200112be \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{descouvemont200112be}}}
]. In this work a negative-parity band was found, electromagnetic transition probabilities and partial widths of molecular states were calculated.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi360 In addition to the above theoretical approaches, there is the Stochastic Variational Method (SVM) 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_kukulin1977stochastic \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{kukulin1977stochastic}}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_voronchev1994study \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{voronchev1994study}}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_kukulin1986detailed \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{kukulin1986detailed}}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_kukulin1984detailed \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{kukulin1984detailed}}}
]. The SVM uses the Gaussian function as a basis function, which is convenient for deriving analytically matrix elements of the Hamiltonian. The corresponding Hamiltonian contains a Pauli projector 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_kukulin1978orthogonal \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{kukulin1978orthogonal}}}
], that removes forbidden states. The variational method describes well the internal structures of {\up8\fs20 6}He, {\up8\fs20 6}Li{\up8\fs20 9}Be
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_kukulin1984detailed \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{kukulin1984detailed}}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_kukulin1986detailed \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{kukulin1986detailed}}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_voronchev1994study \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{voronchev1994study}}}
]. In particular, the electromagnetic properties, geometric parameters and configuration weights are in good agreement with the methods, where they are obtained by exact solutions of three-body problems. \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi360 To describe the elastic scattering in the field of a complex potential, one usually uses the Optical Model (OM), first presented in Ref. 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_feshbach1958optical \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{feshbach1958optical}}}
]. Within the framework of this model, the nucleus is considered as a transparent substance that has the ability to absorb. In practice, this method describes the experimental data well providing the direct information on the nucleus-nucleus interaction potential. However, the ambiguity of the optical potential parameters reduces the merits of optical model. To study the inelastic channels, transfer reactions and their use to describe experimental data the Distorted Wave Born Approximation (DWBA) method has been successfully applied 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_satchler1960gamma \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{satchler1960gamma}}}
]. The DWBA method proved to be appropriate and successful in describing the cross section of nuclear reactions involving the ground and low-lying excited nuclear states of single-particle as well as collective nature. The method becomes inadequate, since the reaction leads to the broad or strongly overlapped final states. In this case the couples channel formalism has to be applied.\par
{\pard\plain\s31\qc\sb120\sa0\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \sb240 \fi360 \par
\pard\plain\s9\qc\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl480\slmult1 \fi0   \par
\pard\plain\s30\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 {Figure {\*\bkmkstart BMfig_exotic_nuclei}1{\*\bkmkend BMfig_exotic_nuclei}:  Schematic representation of the cluster structure of some nuclei, and their half-life, if unstable. Alpha particle, proton and neutron are marked in yellow, red and orange, respectively. The allocation of {\up8\fs20 6}He, {\up8\fs20 6}Li{\up8\fs20 9}Bemeans the selected as objects of study. Read the text for more details..}{\field{\*\fldinst TC "1  Schematic representation of the cluster structure of some nuclei, and their half-life, if unstable. Alpha particle, proton and neutron are marked in yellow, red and orange, respectively. The allocation of {\up8\fs20 6}He, {\up8\fs20 6}Li{\up8\fs20 9}Bemeans the selected as objects of study. Read the text for more details.." \\f f}{\fldrslt }}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \sb240 \fi360 In light nuclei, the cluster structure can often clearly manifest itself in the dripline region of the nuclear map. These series include such nuclei as {\up8\fs20 6}He, {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ \\s\\up6({\fs20 11})}}{\fldrslt }}
}Li, {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ \\s\\up6({\fs20 12})}}{\fldrslt }}
}Be and other exotic nuclei. However, there are also stable nuclei with apparent cluster structures. These include such nuclei as {\up8\fs20 6}Li, {\up8\fs20 9}Be, {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ \\s\\up6({\fs20 11})}}{\fldrslt }}
}B and others. Numerous experimental data 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_canto2006fusion \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{canto2006fusion}}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_brown2007 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{brown2007}}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_papka2007 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{papka2007}}}
] allow us to treat such nuclei as multi-cluster systems, including tightly bound {{\u945*}}-clusters and valence nucleons. A visual representation of how these nuclei can be arranged in the cluster model is illustrated in Fig {\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMfig_exotic_nuclei \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{1}}}. For these nuclei the relative motion of internal subsystems determines the property and mechanisms of nuclear reactions. In the figure, we see that the simplest nuclei with a cluster structure are {\up8\fs20 6}He, {\up8\fs20 6}Li, and {\up8\fs20 9}Be. Their structures are ideally suited to consideration within the framework of the three-body model. Moreover, it should be noted that the interaction of pairs inside these nuclei is well known, which can be used in constructing a solution to the Schr\'f6dinger equation. An important factor is also the number of scattering experiments conducted to study the structures of these nuclei. Therefore, the objects for investigation in this work have been taken {\up8\fs20 6}He, {\up8\fs20 6}Li, and {\up8\fs20 9}Be.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi360 The experimental data of elastic scattering of the {\up8\fs20 6}He+ {{\u945*}} and {\up8\fs20 6}Li+ {{\u945*}} data is available at laboratory energies 151 MeV and 166 MeV 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_ter1998two \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{ter1998two}}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_oganessian1999dynamics \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{oganessian1999dynamics}}}
]. This experimental data can be used to show the elastic transfer phenomenon through two-neutron transfer between the two {{\u945*}} core. The main motivation of these studies was to probe the relative importance of the "di-neutron" and "cigar" configurations of the valence neutrons in the {\up8\fs20 6}Hestate. The data show the backward angle rise in cross section. Usually it is considered as an indication of characteristic of elastic transfer. The DWBA analysis using the {\up8\fs20 6}He{\up8\fs20 6}Lifunctions built on hyper-spherical harmonics 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_zhukov1993bound \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{zhukov1993bound}}}
], showed good agreement with the backward angle data. Consequently, it is concluded that the di-neutron configuration dominates the {\up8\fs20 6}Hestate wave function. The more detailed study of the {\up8\fs20 6}He+ {{\u945*}} scattering data has carried out in Ref. 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_khoa2004di \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{khoa2004di}}}
] in the framework of the Coupled Reaction Channels (CRC) method. In this work the spectroscopic information of the di-neutron was obtained, a sequential transfer of the di-neutron was implemented in CRC calculations. It was concluded that the two valence neutrons are transferred mainly simultaneously, the rising of cross section at backward angles comes due to the elastic transfer of the {2{\i n}} system. \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi360 Based on the Borromean structure of {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {}\\s\\up6({\fs20 9})}}{\fldrslt }}
}Be, special attention was paid to the breakup processes resulting from the {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {}\\s\\up6({\fs20 9})}}{\fldrslt }}
}Be({{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ \\s\\up6({\fs20 6})}}{\fldrslt }}
}Li, {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {}\\s\\up6({\fs20 6})}}{\fldrslt }}
}Li{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ \\s\\up6({\fs20 '})}}{\fldrslt }}
}){{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ \\s\\up6({\fs20 9})}}{\fldrslt }}
}Be{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ \\s\\up6({\fs20 *})}}{\fldrslt }}
} nuclear reaction 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_brown2007 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{brown2007}}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_papka2007 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{papka2007}}}
]. The excited nucleus {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {}\\s\\up6({\fs20 9})}}{\fldrslt }}
}Be{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ \\s\\up6({\fs20 *})}}{\fldrslt }}
} can decay either directly into the {{\u945*}+{\u945*}+{\i n}} three-body system or through one of the unstable nuclei, such as {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {}\\s\\up6({\fs20 5})}}{\fldrslt }}
}He and {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {}\\s\\up6({\fs20 8})}}{\fldrslt }}
}Be. These relatively recent experimental studies explicitly confirm the cluster structure of {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {}\\s\\up6({\fs20 9})}}{\fldrslt }}
}Be. The calculated branching ratios show that the low-lying excited states, at E{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ \\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i x}})<}}{\fldrslt }}
}\~4.0 MeV, are mostly populated with the {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {}\\s\\up6({\fs20 8})}}{\fldrslt }}
}Be+n configuration. In other conditions, the {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {}\\s\\up6({\fs20 5})}}{\fldrslt }}
}He+{{\u945*}} configuration plays a significant role. Another aspect of finding the cluster structure is its effect on the nuclear reaction mechanisms. The investigations of works 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_detraz1970 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{detraz1970}}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_detraz1974 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{detraz1974}}}
] show that the multi-particle-multi-hole structures are expected at rather low excitation energies in nuclei. In such a case, it can be understood that the correlated nucleons are transferred as a whole strongly correlated cluster, which has the internal quantum numbers of a free particle.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi360 In the present work, the three-body structure of nuclei and their role in the mechanisms of nuclear reactions are investigated. Usually, in the descriptions of the cross sections for nuclear reactions, the intrinsic structure of colliding nuclei in the interaction potentials is neglected, taking them in a phenomenological way, for example, in Gaussian form, or in the form of the Woods-Saxon potential 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_oganessian1999dynamics \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{oganessian1999dynamics}}}
]. In such cases, one should take the potential corresponding to the realistic shapes of colliding nuclei. To describe direct nuclear reactions, we proceed from the realistic shape of colliding nuclei within the three-body model. Therefore, the motivation for this work is to minimize the number of free parameters in the calculations of nuclear reactions as much as possible, and to use the density distribution functions of nuclear matter based on the three-body model. And also the main goal of this work is to understand how the mechanisms of interaction of nuclear reactions with the participation of weakly bound nuclei {\up8\fs20 6}He, {\up8\fs20 6}Li, and {\up8\fs20 9}Be. \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi360 This work is organized as follows. The first chapter is devoted to an introduction to the three-body model based on the SVM method. This chapter describes the advantage of using the Gaussian basis function, the Hamiltonian, which includes the Pauli principle, the transformation of the basis function, and provides formulae for calculating the density function of nuclear matter within the three-body model. The next chapter presents widely used theoretical approaches to describe the scattering wave function. Methods for calculating differential cross sections are presented: for elastic scattering \endash  Optical model, inelastic scattering \endash  Coupled channel, and nuclear transfer reactions \endash  Coupled Reactions Channels. For a complete understanding of how one-particle spectroscopic amplitudes (SA) are calculated within the framework of the shell model used in CRC calculations, a separate section is devoted. The details of building the potential of interaction in the framework of DF model are presented. The last three chapters present the results of the calculations. The comparative analysis of experimental data and theoretical calculations has been performed. Finally, the main findings are presented in the conclusion.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi360 Some parts of this work have been published as follows: {\par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
Urazbekov, B. A., Denikin, A. S., Lukyanov, S. M., Itaco, N., Janseitov, D. M., Mendibayev, K., ... and Harakeh, M. N. (2019). Journal of Physics G: Nuclear and Particle Physics, 46(10), 105110. \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
Urazbekov, B. A., Denikin, A. S. (2018). Eurasian Journal of Physics and Functional Materials, 2(1), 17-22. \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
Urazbekov, B.A., Denikin A.S., Itaco, N., Janseitov, D., (2021) Physics of Atomic Nuclei, to be published. \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
Janseitov, D. M., Urazbekov, B.A., Lukyanov, S. M., Mendibayev, K., Penionzhkevich, Y. E., Skobelev, N. K., Sobolev, Y. G., ... and Khlebnikov, S. V. (2018). International Journal of Modern Physics E, 27(10), 1850089. \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
Lukyanov, S. M., Urazbekov, B.A., Denikin, A. S., Naumenko, M. A., Burjan, V., Trzaska, W. H., Harakeh, M., ... and Glagolev, V. (2017). Exotic Nuclei, pp. 74-80 (2019). \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
Urazbekov, B. A., Denikin, A. S., Itaco, N., and Tursunbayev, N. T. (2020). Eurasian Journal of Physics and Functional Materials, 4(3), 201-212. \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
Burtebayev, N., Janseitov, D. M., Urazbekov, B. A., Kerimkulov, Z., Alimov, D., Nassurlla, M., Valiolda, D. S., ... and Danilov, A. N. (2020). Journal of Physics: Conference Series (Vol. 1555, p. 012032). \par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \sb60 \fi360 The materials of this work have been presented in the international conferences: {\par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
International conference \u8220?Nucleus \u8211? 2018\u8221? \u8220?Fundamental problems of nuclear physics, nuclear energy industry, and nuclear technology\u8221?, 2-6 July 2018, Voronezh, Russia; \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
The LXIX International Conference "Nucleus-2019" on Nuclear Spectroscopy and Nuclear Structure "Fundamental Problems of Nuclear Physics, Nuclei at Borders of Nucleon Stability, High Technologies", 1-5 July 2019, Dubna, Russia; \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
The LXX International conference "NUCLEUS \u8211? 2020. Nuclear physics and elementary particle physics. Nuclear physics technologies", 11-17 October 2020, online; \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
The XXIV International Scientific Conference of Young Scientists and Specialists (AYSS-2020), 9 - 13 November 2020, online; \par
}{\*\bkmkstart BMChapter1}{\*\bkmkend BMChapter1}\pard\plain\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs40\sl480\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 Chapter 1\par
\pard\plain\s2\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs40\sl480\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0 The three body model\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0 The wave function for the three-body system in the current work was calculated within the model proposed in Ref. 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_kukulin1977stochastic \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{kukulin1977stochastic}}}
]. The work based on the three body model provides great progress in understanding the structure and properties of the light weakly bound nuclei, like {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ \\s\\up6({\fs20 6})}}{\fldrslt }}
}He, {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ \\s\\up6({\fs20 6})}}{\fldrslt }}
}Li, {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ \\s\\up6({\fs20 9})}}{\fldrslt }}
}Be nuclei. In addition, a lot of research has been done in different directions of physics 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_kukulin1977stochastic \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{kukulin1977stochastic}}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_golovkov1981cross \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{golovkov1981cross}}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_kukulin1984detailed \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{kukulin1984detailed}}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_glozman1984study \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{glozman1984study}}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_kukulin1986detailed \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{kukulin1986detailed}}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_voronchev1994study \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{voronchev1994study}}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_zhusupov1994elastic \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{zhusupov1994elastic}}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_kukulin2010 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{kukulin2010}}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_seksembayev2018 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{seksembayev2018}}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_kakenov2020properties \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{kakenov2020properties}}}
] using this wave function. Below we list some of them: {\par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
electromagnetic properties; \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
low lying excitation spectra; \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
root-mean-square charge radii {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\i r}\\s\\up({\fs20 2,{\i c}{\i h}}){\f5\u9002*}\\s\\up6({\fs20 1/2})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, magnetic {{\u956*}}, quadrupole {{\i Q}} and octupole {{\u937*}} moments; \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
processes of {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ \\s\\up6({\fs20 6})}}{\fldrslt }}
}Li interaction with hadrons, including quasi-elastic scattering ({{\u945*}}, 2{{\u945*}}), ({{\i p}}, {{\i d}}) and ({{\i p}}, {{\i p}{\u945*}}); \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
high energy proton and the lightest nuclei scattering on {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ \\s\\up6({\fs20 6})}}{\fldrslt }}
}Li \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
scattering of {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u960*}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\u177*}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}-mesons and {{\u956*}}-capture by {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ \\s\\up6({\fs20 6})}}{\fldrslt }}
}Li \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
parameters of {{\u946*}}-decay of {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ \\s\\up6({\fs20 6})}}{\fldrslt }}
}He; \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
the thermonuclear reactions in the D-{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ \\s\\up6({\fs20 3})}}{\fldrslt }}
}He-{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ \\s\\up6({\fs20 9})}}{\fldrslt }}
}Be plasma; \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
properties of the six-quark dibaryons in nuclei with {{\i A}}=6 and {\i etc}. \par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 Since this wave function was widely used, we chose it as the wave function to describe the three-body system in this work.\par
\pard\plain\s3\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl480\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0 {\*\bkmkstart BMspatial_part}1{\*\bkmkend BMspatial_part}  Three body wave function\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 Consider a three body system containing {{\i k},\~{\i p},} and {{\i q}} particles. A total wave function of this system with total spin {{\i J}} and spin projection {{\i M}} can be represented as a sum of components {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u936*}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i J}{\i M}}) \\b ({\i0\scaps0\b x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}})\\,{\i0\scaps0\b y}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}}))= \\i \\su({\u947*},, ){\u936*}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i J}{\i M},{\u947*}}) \\b ({\i0\scaps0\b x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}})\\,{\i0\scaps0\b y}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}})).}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 ({\*\bkmkstart BMtotwf}1{\*\bkmkend BMtotwf})}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 The vector {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i0\scaps0\b x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} is a vector of the relative distance between the pair of particles {{\i p}{\i q}} and {{\i k}}, and {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i0\scaps0\b y}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} is the vector of the relative distance between the center of mass of the pair {{\i p}{\i q}} and the particle {{\i k}} (see Fig. {\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMfig_jacobiSet \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{1.1}}}). The designation {{\u947*}} is equivalent to the set of quantum numbers {{\u955*}{\i l}{\i L}{\i S}}. The momenta {{\u955*}}, {{\i l}} are the orbital momenta conjugated to the coordinates {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i0\scaps0\b x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} and {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i0\scaps0\b y}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} respectively, {{\i L}} is the total orbital momentum of the system and {{\i S}} is the total spin of three body system. The each component defines spatial and spin parts as follow {\par
\pard\plain\s14\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tql\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u936*}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i J}{\i M},{\u947*}}) \\b ({\i0\scaps0\b x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}})\\,{\i0\scaps0\b y}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}}))=}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ  \\b \\bc\\[ ({\u934*}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\u955*}\\,{\i l}),{\i L}}) \\b ({\i0\scaps0\b x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}})\\,{\i0\scaps0\b y}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}})){\f5\u8855*}{\u967*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i S}})({\i k}\\,{\i p}{\i q}))\\s\\do17({\fs20 {\i J}{\i M}})=}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
\tab{\b0 (2)}\par
\pard\plain\s14\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tql\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ =}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ  \\i \\su({\i M}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i L}}){\i M}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i S}}),, )({\i L}{\i M}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i L}}){\i S}{\i M}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i S}})|{\i J}{\i M})\~{\u934*}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\u955*}\\,{\i l}),{\i L}{\i M}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i L}})}) \\b ({\i0\scaps0\b x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}})\\,{\i0\scaps0\b y}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}}))\~{\u967*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i S}{\i M}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i S}})})({\i k}\\,{\i p}{\i q})}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 The spin function of three body system having two fermions is given by {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u967*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i S}{\i M}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i S}})})({\i k}\\,{\i p}{\i q})= \\b \\bc\\[ ({\u967*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {1}{2}})({\i p}){\f5\u8855*}{\u967*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {1}{2}})({\i q}))\\s\\do17({\fs20 {\i S}{\i M}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i S}})}).}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 (3)}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 In the case of system, which has only fermion {{\i k}}, the total spin function becomes {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u967*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i S}{\i M}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i S}})})({\i k}\\,{\i p}{\i q})={\u967*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {1}{2}{\i m}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i s}})})({\i k}).}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 (4)}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi360 The spatial part of the wave function is chosen to be multidimensional Gaussian functions of the form {\par
\pard\plain\s14\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tql\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u934*}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\u955*}\\,{\i l}),{\i L}{\i M}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i L}})}) \\b ({\i0\scaps0\b x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}})\\,{\i0\scaps0\b y}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}}))=}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i x}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\u955*}}){\i y}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i l}}) \\i \\su({\i i},, ){\i C}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\plain exp} \\b (\u8722?{\u945*}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\i k}),{\i i}}){\i x}\\s\\up({\fs20 2,{\i k}})\u8722?{\u946*}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\i k}),{\i i}}){\i y}\\s\\up({\fs20 2,{\i k}}))\~{\u215*}}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
\pard\plain\s14\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tql\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ }}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u215*} \\b \\bc\\[ ({\i Y}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u955*}}) \\b ({\f5\u770\'5e}{\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}})){\f5\u8855*}{\i Y}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i l}}) \\b (\u375y\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}})))\\s\\do17({\fs20 {\i L}{\i M}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i L}})}).}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
\tab{\b0 ()}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 Here, the coefficients {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} are the parameters of the wave function expansion and are found as a result of solving the generalized eigenvalue problem. The linear parameters {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u945*}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\i k}),{\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u946*}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\i k}),{\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} make the wave function more complete, if they are represented in the following form {\par
\pard\plain\s14\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tql\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u945*}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\i k}),{\i i}})=}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u945*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 0})\~{\plain tan} \\b ( \\F({\u960*},2) \\F(2{\i i}\u8722?1,2{\i N}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u947*}})))\\,}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
\tab{\b0 (6)}\par
\pard\plain\s14\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tql\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u946*}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\i k}),{\i i}})=}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u946*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 0})\~{\plain tan} \\b ( \\F({\u960*},2) \\F(2{\i i}\u8722?1,2{\i N}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u947*}})))\\,\~\~\~{\i i}=1\\,\~...\\,\~{\i N}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u947*}}).}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
\tab{\b0 (7)}\par
}{\pard\plain\s31\qc\sb120\sa0\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \sb240 \fi360  \par
\pard\plain\s9\qc\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl480\slmult1 \fi0   \par
\pard\plain\s30\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 {Figure {\*\bkmkstart BMfig_jacobiSet}1{\*\bkmkend BMfig_jacobiSet}:  The schemes of Jacobi coordinate sets for the three body system.}{\field{\*\fldinst TC "1  The schemes of Jacobi coordinate sets for the three body system." \\f f}{\fldrslt }}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \sb240 \fi360 A pair of the three body system may have forbidden states according to the principle Pauli. For instance, lets say, the pair {({\i k}{\i p})} has the state {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u8467*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i f}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} must be excluded. This forbidden state {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u8467*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i f}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} is projected out by implementing the pseudo-potential 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_kukulin1978orthogonal \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{kukulin1978orthogonal}}}
]: {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {{\i V}}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}{\i p}})={\i V}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}{\i p}})+{\u955*}{\u915*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u8467*}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i f}})})\\,}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 ({\*\bkmkstart BMpseudopot}8{\*\bkmkend BMpseudopot})}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 where {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i V}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}{\i p}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} is a regular interaction potential between {{\i p}} and {{\i k}} particles, {{\u955*}} \endash  a constant usually equal to {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ 10\\s\\up6({\fs20 5})}}{\fldrslt }}
}. By varying this parameter the binding energy of three body system remains stable. The operator {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u915*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i f}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} is given by: {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u915*}({\u8467*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i f}}))=\~ \\i \\su({\i m}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i f}}),, )|{\u966*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u8467*}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i f}}){\i m}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i f}})})({{\b x}}){\f5\u9002*}\~{\f5\u9001*}{\u966*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u8467*}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i f}}){\i m}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i f}})})({{\b x}'})|\~{\u948*}({{\b y}\u8722?{\b y}'}).}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 ({\*\bkmkstart BMprojector}9{\*\bkmkend BMprojector})}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 So the three body Hamiltonian including kinetic energy and pseudo potentials looks as {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i H}={\i H}\\s\\do6({\fs20 0})+ \\i \\su({\i k}<{\i p},, ){{\i V}}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}{\i p}}).}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 ({\*\bkmkstart BMpseudohamiltonian}10{\*\bkmkend BMpseudohamiltonian})}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi360 The Pauli principle plays a huge role in the structure of the nucleus, particularly it does not allow overlapping of two constituent particles, while maintaining the Paili principle. This approach, so-called method of orthogonalizing pseudo-potentials, was previously developed by the group of V. Kukulin 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_kukulin1978orthogonal \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{kukulin1978orthogonal}}}
]. The method widely used not only in the construction of the wave function of the bound state, but also in the scattering theory 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_blokhintsev1993determination \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{blokhintsev1993determination}}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_tursunov2016theoretical \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{tursunov2016theoretical}}}
].\par
\pard\plain\s3\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl480\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0 {\*\bkmkstart BMnew_spacial_part}2{\*\bkmkend BMnew_spacial_part}  Transformation of the basis function \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 The main advantage of the Gaussian basis functions, is in simplicity of transformation into an alternative set of Jacobi coordinates 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_suzuki1998stochastic \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{suzuki1998stochastic}}}
]. The transformation from the sets {({\i k},{\i p}{\i q})} to {({\i p},{\i q}{\i k})} may be accomplished as follows: {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \qc [Sorry. Ignored {\plain\f3\\begin\{pmatrix\} ... \\end\{pmatrix\}}]\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 = {\i0\scaps0\b T}\\s\\up6({\fs20 (kp)}){\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \qc [Sorry. Ignored {\plain\f3\\begin\{pmatrix\} ... \\end\{pmatrix\}}]\par
},\tab{\b0 (\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 11)}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 where, the {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i0\scaps0\b T}\\s\\up6({\fs20 ({\i k}{\i p})})}}{\fldrslt }}
} matrix elements is given by 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_faddeev1985quantum \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{faddeev1985quantum}}}
] {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i0\scaps0\b T}\\s\\up6({\fs20 ({\i k}{\i p})})={}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \qc [Sorry. Ignored {\plain\f3\\begin\{pmatrix\} ... \\end\{pmatrix\}}]\par
},\tab{\b0 (\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 12)}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 where the coefficients {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i c}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}{\i p}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} and {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i s}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}{\i p}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} are given by {\par
\pard\plain\s14\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tql\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i c}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}{\i p}})=\u8722? \\b ( \\F({\i m}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}}){\i m}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i p}}),({\i m}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}})+{\i m}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i q}}))({\i m}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i p}})+{\i m}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i q}}))))\\s\\up17({\fs20 1/2})}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
\tab
\tab{\b0 (13)}\par
\pard\plain\s14\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tql\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i s}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}{\i p}})=(\u8722?1)\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i k}\u8722?{\i p}})\~{\i0\scaps0\b0\f0 sign}({\i k}\u8722?{\i p})(1\u8722?{\i c}\\s\\up({\fs20 2,{\i k}{\i p}}))\\s\\up6({\fs20 1/2}).}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
\tab
\tab{\b0 (14)}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 Consequently, these coefficients are depended only on the masses of particles. Moreover the coefficients follow rules as {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ \u8722?1<{\i c}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}{\i p}})<0\\,\~\~{\i s}\\s\\up({\fs20 2,{\i k}{\i p}})=1\u8722?{\i c}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}{\i p}})\\,\~\~{\i c}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}{\i p}})={\i c}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i p}{\i k}})\\,\~\~{\i s}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}{\i p}})=\u8722?{\i s}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i p}{\i k}}).}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 (15)}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi360 The transformation of the spatial part ({\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMspatial_part \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{1.5}}}) of the wave function can be expressed in the following way 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_suzuki1998stochastic \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{suzuki1998stochastic}}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_kukulin1990dynamic \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{kukulin1990dynamic}}}
]\par
{\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u934*}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\u955*}\\,{\i l}),{\i L}{\i M}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i L}})}) \\b ({\i0\scaps0\b x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}})\\,{\i0\scaps0\b y}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}}))= \\i \\su({\f5\u771\'7e}{\u955*}\\,{\f5\u771\'7e}{\i l},, ){\i A}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\f5\u771\'7e}{\u955*}{\f5\u771\'7e}{\i l}{\u955*}{\i l},{\i0\scaps0\b T}\\s\\up5({\fs16 ({\i k}{\i q})})})\~{\u934*}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\f5\u771\'7e}{\u955*}\\,{\f5\u771\'7e}{\i l}),{\i L}{\i M}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i L}})}) \\b ({\i0\scaps0\b x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i q}})\\,{\i0\scaps0\b y}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i q}}))\\,}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 ({\*\bkmkstart BMtransform_spatial_part}16{\*\bkmkend BMtransform_spatial_part})}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 where the summation is proceeded over new quantum numbers {{\f5\u771\'7e}{\u955*},\~{\f5\u771\'7e}{\i l}} in condition {{\u955*}+{\i l}={\f5\u771\'7e}{\u955*}+{\f5\u771\'7e}{\i l}}, and the new spacial part is given by {\par
\pard\plain\s14\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tql\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u934*}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\f5\u771\'7e}{\u955*}\\,{\f5\u771\'7e}{\i l}),{\i L}{\i M}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i L}})}) \\b ({\i0\scaps0\b x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i q}})\\,{\i0\scaps0\b y}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i q}}))=}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i x}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\f5\u771\'7e}{\u955*},{\i q}}){\i y}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\f5\u771\'7e}{\i l},{\i q}}) \\i \\su({\i i}=1,{\i N}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u947*}}), ){\i C}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\plain exp} \\b (\u8722?{1}{2}{\u945*}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\i q}),{\i i}}){\i x}\\s\\up({\fs20 2,{\i q}})\u8722?{1}{2}{\u946*}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\i q}),{\i i}}){\i y}\\s\\up({\fs20 2,{\i q}})\u8722?{\u1009*}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\i q}),{\i i}}){\i0\scaps0\b x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i q}}){\u8901*}{\i0\scaps0\b y}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i q}}))\~{\u215*}}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
\pard\plain\s14\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tql\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ }}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u215*} \\b \\bc\\[ ({\i Y}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\f5\u771\'7e}{\u955*}}) \\b ({\f5\u770\'5e}{\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}})){\u215*}{\i Y}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\f5\u771\'7e}{\i l}}) \\b (\u375y\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}})))\\s\\do17({\fs20 {\i L}{\i M}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i L}})}).}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
\tab{\b0 ()}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 where new linear parameters can be expressed as {\par
\pard\plain\s14\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tql\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \qc [Sorry. Ignored {\plain\f3\\begin\{pmatrix\} ... \\end\{pmatrix\}}]\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 =  \\b ( {\i0\scaps0\b T}\\s\\up6({\fs20 (kq)}))\\s\\up17({\fs20 T}){\u215*}\~ {\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \qc [Sorry. Ignored {\plain\f3\\begin\{pmatrix\} ... \\end\{pmatrix\}}]\par
}\~{\u215*}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 {\i0\scaps0\b T}\\s\\up6({\fs20 (kq)}). \tab
\tab
\tab{\b0 (18)}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 Note, that for the initial coordinate set {({\i k},{\i p}{\i q})} the radial wave function ({\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMspatial_part \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{1.5}}}) does not include the scalar product {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i0\scaps0\b x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}}){\u8901*}{\i0\scaps0\b y}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, which means {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u1009*}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\i k}),{\i i}})=0}}{\fldrslt }}
}. \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi360 The coupling coefficient {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i A}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\f5\u771\'7e}{\u955*}{\f5\u771\'7e}{\i l}{\u955*}{\i l},{\i0\scaps0\b T}\\s\\up5({\fs16 ({\i k}{\i q})})})}}{\fldrslt }}
} given in \~({\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMtransform_spatial_part \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{1.16}}}) is defined as follows {\par
\pard\plain\s14\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tql\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i A}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\f5\u771\'7e}{\u955*}{\f5\u771\'7e}{\i l}{\u955*}{\i l},{\i0\scaps0\b T}\\s\\up5({\fs16 ({\i k}{\i q})})})=}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ  \\i \\su({\u955*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 1}){\u955*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 2}){\i l}\\s\\do6({\fs20 1}){\i l}\\s\\do6({\fs20 2}),, ) \\b ({\i0\scaps0\b0\f0 T}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\i k}{\i q}),11}))\\s\\up17({\fs20 {\u955*}\\s\\do5({\fs16 1})}) \\b ({\i0\scaps0\b0\f0 T}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\i k}{\i q}),12}))\\s\\up17({\fs20 {\u955*}\\s\\do5({\fs16 2})}) \\b ({\i0\scaps0\b0\f0 T}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\i k}{\i q}),21}))\\s\\up17({\fs20 {\i l}\\s\\do5({\fs16 1})}) \\b ({\i0\scaps0\b0\f0 T}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\i k}{\i q}),22}))\\s\\up17({\fs20 {\i l}\\s\\do5({\fs16 2})}){\u215*}}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
\pard\plain\s14\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tql\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ }}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u215*}{{\i E}}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\u955*}\\s\\do5({\fs16 1}){\u955*}\\s\\do5({\fs16 2}){\u955*}{\i l}\\s\\do5({\fs16 1}){\i l}\\s\\do5({\fs16 2}){\i l}{\i L},{\f5\u771\'7e}{\u955*}{\f5\u771\'7e}{\i l}}){\f4 {\i D}}({\u955*}\\,{\u955*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 1})\\,{\u955*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 2})){\f4 {\i D}}({\i l}\\,{\i l}\\s\\do6({\fs20 1})\\,{\i l}\\s\\do6({\fs20 2})).}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
\tab{\b0 ({\*\bkmkstart BMtrans_coef}19{\*\bkmkend BMtrans_coef})}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 Here, the summation is satisfied to the conditions {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u955*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 1})+{\u955*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 2})={\u955*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}, {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i l}\\s\\do6({\fs20 1})+{\i l}\\s\\do6({\fs20 2})={\i l}}}{\fldrslt }}
}, {{\u955*}+{\i l}={\f5\u771\'7e}{\u955*}+{\f5\u771\'7e}{\i l}}, the coefficients {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {{\i E}}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\u955*}\\s\\do5({\fs16 1}){\u955*}\\s\\do5({\fs16 2}){\u955*}{\i l}\\s\\do5({\fs16 1}){\i l}\\s\\do5({\fs16 2}){\i l}{\i L},{\f5\u771\'7e}{\u955*}{\f5\u771\'7e}{\i l}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} and {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f4 {\i D}}({\u955*}\\,{\u955*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 1})\\,{\u955*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 2}))}}{\fldrslt }}
} come from re-coupling of the solid spherical harmonics , which are given in Appendix {\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMAppendixA \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{A}}}. Switching into the Jacobi set {({\i p},{\i q}{\i k})} is carried out in analogous way.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi360 The spin part {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u967*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i S}{\i M}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i S}})})({\i p}{\i q})}}{\fldrslt }}
} of the wave function transforms as {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u967*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i S}{\i M}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i S}})})({\i p}{\i q})=(\u8722?1)\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i s}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i p}})+{\i s}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i q}})\u8722?{\i S}}){\u967*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i S}{\i M}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i S}})})({\i q}{\i p}).}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 (20)}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 As for the one fermionic system the spin part remains unchanged.\par
\pard\plain\s3\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl480\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0 {\*\bkmkstart BMbasis_function_1}3{\*\bkmkend BMbasis_function_1}  Overlap matrix elements\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 For the convenience of further expressions for the matrix elements we define a basis function for the three body system {({\i k},\~{\i p}{\i q})} in form {\par
\pard\plain\s14\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tql\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u966*}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i J}{\i M},{\u947*}{\i i}}) \\b ({\i k}\\,{\i p}{\i q})={\i C}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\u981*}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\u955*}\\,{\i l}),{\i i}})({\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}})\\,{\i y}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}})) \\b \\bc\\[ (\~ \\b \\bc\\[ ({\i Y}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u955*}}) \\b ({\f5\u770\'5e}{\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}})){\f5\u8855*}{\i Y}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i l}}) \\b (\u375y\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}})))\\s\\do17({\fs20 {\i L}}){\f5\u8855*}{\u967*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i S}\\s\\do5({\fs16 \~})})({\i k}\\,{\i p}{\i q})\~)\\s\\do17({\fs20 {\i J}{\i M}}).}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
\tab
\tab{\b0 ()}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 Here, the coordinate arguments, {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i0\scaps0\b x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} and {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i0\scaps0\b y}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, are down for convenience, and the radial part of the basis function has form {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u981*}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\u955*}\\,{\i l}),{\i i}})({\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}})\\,{\i y}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}}))={\i x}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\u955*}}){\i y}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i l}}){\plain exp} \\b (\u8722?{1}{2}{\u945*}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\i k}),{\i i}}){\i x}\\s\\up({\fs20 2,{\i k}})\u8722?{1}{2}{\u946*}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\i k}),{\i i}}){\i y}\\s\\up({\fs20 2,{\i k}}))}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 (22)}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi360 The overlap matrix elements for the basis function ({\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMbasis_function_1 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{1.21}}}) is expressed as follows {\par
\pard\plain\s14\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tql\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\u966*}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i J}{\i M},{\u947*}{\i i}}) \\b ({\i k}\\,{\i p}{\i q})|{\u966*}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i J}{\i M},{\u947*}\\s\\up5({\fs16 '}){\i j}}) \\b ({\i k}\\,{\i p}{\i q}){\f5\u9002*}=}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ  \\i \\in(,, ) \\i \\in(,, ){\i d}{\i0\scaps0\b x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}}){\i d}{\i0\scaps0\b y}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}})\~{\u966*}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i J}{\i M},{\u947*}{\i i}}) \\b ({\i k}\\,{\i p}{\i q}) \\b ({\u966*}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i J}{\i M},{\u947*}\\s\\up5({\fs16 '}){\i j}}) \\b ({\i k}\\,{\i p}{\i q}))\\s\\up17({\fs20 *})=}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
\tab{\b0 ({\*\bkmkstart BMoverlap_in_basic_set}23{\*\bkmkend BMoverlap_in_basic_set})}\par
\pard\plain\s14\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tql\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ = \\i (0,{\u8734*}, ) \\i (0,{\u8734*}, ){\i d}{\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}}){\i d}{\i y}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}})\~}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i x}\\s\\up({\fs20 2{\u955*}+2,{\i k}}){\i y}\\s\\up({\fs20 2{\i l}+2,{\i k}}){\i0\scaps0\b0\f0 exp} \\b (\u8722?{1}{2}{\u945*}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\i k}),{\i i}{\i j}}){\i x}\\s\\up({\fs20 2,{\i k}})\u8722?{1}{2}{\u946*}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\i k}),{\i i}{\i j}}){\i y}\\s\\up({\fs20 2,{\i k}})){\u948*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u947*}{\u947*}'})=}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
\pard\plain\s14\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tql\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ =}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ \~{\i C}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\i C}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i j}}){\f4 {\i I}} \\b (2{\u955*}+2\\,{\u945*}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\i k}),{\i i}{\i j}}))\~{\f4 {\i I}} \\b (2{\i l}+2\\,{\u946*}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\i k}),{\i i}{\i j}}))\\,}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 where {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u945*}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\i k}),{\i i}{\i j}})={\u945*}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\i k}),{\i i}})+{\u945*}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\i k}),{\i j}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} and {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u946*}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\i k}),{\i i}{\i j}})={\u946*}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\i k}),{\i i}})+{\u946*}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\i k}),{\i j}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, the table integral {{\f4 {\i I}}({\u955*},{\u945*})} is given in Eq. ({\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMtable_integral_1 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{A.16}}}).\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi360 It is also useful to give an expression of overlap matrix elements for alternative Jacobi coordinate set. For instance, the matrix elements for the {({\i q},{\i k}{\i p})} three body system may be given as follows {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\u966*}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i J}{\i M},{\u947*}{\i i}}) \\b ({\i k}\\,{\i p}{\i q})|{\u966*}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i J}{\i M},{\u947*}\\s\\up5({\fs16 '}){\i j}}) \\b ({\i k}\\,{\i p}{\i q}){\f5\u9002*}= \\i \\su({\f5\u771\'7e}{\u947*}{\f5\u771\'7e}{\u947*}',, ){\i A}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\f5\u771\'7e}{\u955*}'{\f5\u771\'7e}{\i l}'{\u955*}'{\i l}',{\i0\scaps0\b T}\\s\\up5({\fs16 ({\i k}{\i q})})}){\i A}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\f5\u771\'7e}{\u955*}{\f5\u771\'7e}{\i l}{\u955*}{\i l},{\i0\scaps0\b T}\\s\\up5({\fs16 ({\i k}{\i q})})}){\f5\u9001*}{\u966*}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i J}{\i M},{\f5\u771\'7e}{\u947*}{\i i}}) \\b ({\i q}\\,{\i k}{\i p})|{\u966*}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i J}{\i M},{\f5\u771\'7e}{\u947*}\\s\\up5({\fs16 '}){\i j}}) \\b ({\i q}\\,{\i k}{\i p}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 ({\*\bkmkstart BMoverlap_alternative}24{\*\bkmkend BMoverlap_alternative})}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 The Jacobian matrix {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i0\scaps0\b J}\\s\\up6({\fs20 ({\i k}{\i q})})}}{\fldrslt }}
} for transformation from the {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i0\scaps0\b x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}})\\,{\i0\scaps0\b y}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} coordinates to the {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i0\scaps0\b x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i q}})\\,{\i0\scaps0\b y}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i q}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} coordinates gives the {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i0\scaps0\b T}\\s\\up6({\fs20 ({\i k}{\i q})})}}{\fldrslt }}
} matrix {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i0\scaps0\b J}\\s\\up6({\fs20 ({\i k}{\i q})})={}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \qc [Sorry. Ignored {\plain\f3\\begin\{pmatrix\} ... \\end\{pmatrix\}}]\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 = {\i0\scaps0\b T}\\s\\up6({\fs20 (kq)}). \tab{\b0 (25)}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 Accordingly, the determinant {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ |{\i0\scaps0\b J}\\s\\up6({\fs20 ({\i k}{\i q})})|}}{\fldrslt }}
} is a determinant of the {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i0\scaps0\b T}\\s\\up6({\fs20 ({\i k}{\i q})})}}{\fldrslt }}
} matrix, which equals to {1}: {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ |{\i0\scaps0\b J}\\s\\up6({\fs20 ({\i k}{\i q})})|=|{\i0\scaps0\b T}\\s\\up6({\fs20 ({\i k}{\i q})})|=1.}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 (26)}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 Therefore, the integration variables in Eq.\~({\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMoverlap_alternative \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{1.24}}}) can be changed without any factorization. \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi360 The spacial part ({\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMnew_spacial_part \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{1.17}}}) in the alternative coordinate set has the scalar product, {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\plain exp} \\b (\u8722?{\u945*}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\i q}),{\i i}}){\u946*}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\i q}),{\i i}}){\i0\scaps0\b x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i q}}){\u8901*}{\i0\scaps0\b y}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i q}}))}}{\fldrslt }}
}. With this form the overlap matrix elements can be calculated directly, using the expansion of the exponential function 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_suzuki1998stochastic \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{suzuki1998stochastic}}}
]. However it is possible to project the scalar product into {{\i0\scaps0\b T}} matrix 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_kukulin1990dynamic \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{kukulin1990dynamic}}}
] as follows: {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i0\scaps0\b Q}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\i k}{\i q}),{\i i}})={\i0\scaps0\b T}\\s\\up6({\fs20 ({\i k}{\i q})}){\u215*}{}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \qc [Sorry. Ignored {\plain\f3\\begin\{pmatrix\} ... \\end\{pmatrix\}}]\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 . {\*\bkmkstart BMq_rotation_matrix}{\*\bkmkend BMq_rotation_matrix} \tab{\b0 (27)}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 Consequently, the radial part ({\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMnew_spacial_part \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{1.17}}}) of the wave function can be rewritten without the scalar product term as {\par
\pard\plain\s14\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tql\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u934*}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\f5\u771\'7e}{\u955*}\\,{\f5\u771\'7e}{\i l}),{\i L}{\i M}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i L}})}) \\b ({\i0\scaps0\b x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i q}})\\,{\i0\scaps0\b y}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i q}}))=}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i x}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\f5\u771\'7e}{\u955*},{\i q}}){\i y}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\f5\u771\'7e}{\i l},{\i q}}) \\i \\su({\i i}=1,{\i N}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u947*}}), ){\i C}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\plain exp} \\b (\u8722?{1}{2}{{\u945*}'}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\i q}),{\i i}}){\i x}\\s\\up({\fs20 2,{\i q}})\u8722?{1}{2}{\u946*}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\i q}),{\i i}}){\i y}\\s\\up({\fs20 2,{\i q}})){\u215*}}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
\pard\plain\s14\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tql\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ }}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u215*} \\b \\bc\\[ ({\i Y}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\f5\u771\'7e}{\u955*}}) \\b ({\f5\u770\'5e}{\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}})){\u215*}{\i Y}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\f5\u771\'7e}{\i l}}) \\b (\u375y\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}})))\\s\\do17({\fs20 {\i L}{\i M}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i L}})}).}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
\tab{\b0 ()}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 with {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {{\u945*}'}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\i q}),{\i i}})={\u945*}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\i q}),{\i i}})\u8722? \\F( \\b ({\u1009*}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\i q}),{\i i}}){})\\s\\up17({\fs20 2}),{\u946*}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\i q}),{\i i}}))}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 (29)}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 One can get easily then an expression for the overlap matrix element in alternative Jacobi coordinate set as follows {\par
\pard\plain\s14\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tql\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\u966*}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i J}{\i M},{\f5\u771\'7e}{\u947*}{\i i}}) \\b ({\i q}\\,{\i k}{\i p})}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ |{\u966*}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i J}{\i M},{\f5\u771\'7e}{\u947*}\\s\\up5({\fs16 '}){\i j}}) \\b ({\i q}\\,{\i k}{\i p}){\f5\u9002*}=}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
\tab{\b0 ({\*\bkmkstart BMmatrix_element_alter_set}30{\*\bkmkend BMmatrix_element_alter_set})}\par
\pard\plain\s14\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tql\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ =}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\i C}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i j}}){\f4 {\i I}} \\b (2{\f5\u771\'7e}{\u955*}+2\\,\~{\u945*}'\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\i q}),{\i i}{\i j}})){\f4 {\i I}} \\b (2{\f5\u771\'7e}{\i l}+2\\,\~{\u946*}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\i q}),{\i i}{\i j}})){\u948*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\f5\u771\'7e}{\u947*}{\f5\u771\'7e}{\u947*}\\s\\up5({\fs16 '})}).}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi360 Taking into account Eq.({\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMmatrix_element_alter_set \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{1.30}}}) the matrix element ({\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMoverlap_alternative \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{1.24}}}) can be then rewritten as follows {\par
\pard\plain\s14\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tql\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\u966*}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i J}{\i M},{\u947*}{\i i}}) \\b ({\i k}\\,{\i p}{\i q})|{\u966*}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i J}{\i M},{\u947*}\\s\\up5({\fs16 '}){\i j}}) \\b ({\i k}\\,{\i p}{\i q}){\f5\u9002*}= \\i \\su({\f5\u771\'7e}{\u947*}{\f5\u771\'7e}{\u947*}',, ){\i A}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\f5\u771\'7e}{\u955*}'{\f5\u771\'7e}{\i l}'{\u955*}'{\i l}',{\i0\scaps0\b T}\\s\\up5({\fs16 ({\i k}{\i q})})}){\i A}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\f5\u771\'7e}{\u955*}{\f5\u771\'7e}{\i l}{\u955*}{\i l},{\i0\scaps0\b T}\\s\\up5({\fs16 ({\i k}{\i q})})}){\f5\u9001*}{\u966*}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i J}{\i M},{\f5\u771\'7e}{\u947*}{\i i}}) \\b ({\i q}\\,{\i k}{\i p})|{\u966*}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i J}{\i M},{\f5\u771\'7e}{\u947*}\\s\\up5({\fs16 '}){\i j}}) \\b ({\i q}\\,{\i k}{\i p}){\f5\u9002*}=}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
\pard\plain\s14\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tql\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ = \\i \\su({{\f5\u771\'7e}{\u947*}{\f5\u771\'7e}{\u947*}'}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
\tab
\tab{\b0 ({\*\bkmkstart BMoverlap_to_q}31{\*\bkmkend BMoverlap_to_q})}\par
\pard\plain\s14\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tql\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i i}=1..{\i N}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u947*}})}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
\tab
\tab{\b0 (32)}\par
\pard\plain\s14\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tql\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i j}=1..{\i N}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u947*}'})},, ){\i A}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\f5\u771\'7e}{\u955*}'{\f5\u771\'7e}{\i l}'{\u955*}'{\i l}',{\i0\scaps0\b Q}\\s\\up({\fs16 ({\i k}{\i q}),{\i i}{\i j}})}){\i A}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\f5\u771\'7e}{\u955*}{\f5\u771\'7e}{\i l}{\u955*}{\i l},{\i0\scaps0\b Q}\\s\\up({\fs16 ({\i k}{\i q}),{\i i}{\i j}})}){\i C}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\i C}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i j}}){\f4 {\i I}} \\b (2{\f5\u771\'7e}{\u955*}+2\\,\~{\u945*}'\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\i q}),{\i i}{\i j}})){\f4 {\i I}} \\b (2{\f5\u771\'7e}{\i l}+2\\,\~{\u946*}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\i q}),{\i i}{\i j}})){\u948*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\f5\u771\'7e}{\u947*}{\f5\u771\'7e}{\u947*}\\s\\up5({\fs16 '})}).}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
\pard\plain\s14\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tql\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {}}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
\tab
\tab{\b0 (33)}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 Notably, the coefficient {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i A}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\f5\u771\'7e}{\u955*}{\f5\u771\'7e}{\i l}{\u955*}{\i l},\fs12 {\i0\scaps0\b Q}\\s\\up({\fs10 ({\i k}{\i q}),{\i i}{\i j}})})}}{\fldrslt }}
} should now become depended on the rotation matrix {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i0\scaps0\b Q}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\i k}{\i q}),{\i i}{\i j}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}. For simplicity the indexes of the rotation matrix are down in the next sections, consequently, the recoupling coefficient turns {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i A}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\f5\u771\'7e}{\u955*}{\f5\u771\'7e}{\i l}{\u955*}{\i l},{\i0\scaps0\b Q}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}.\par
\pard\plain\s3\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl480\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0 4  Normalization and correlation density function\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 By means of the overlap matrix elements ({\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMoverlap_in_basic_set \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{1.23}}}) the weight of the component {{\u947*}} may be represented as follows {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f4 {\i W}}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u947*}})= \\i \\su({{\i i}=1..{\i N}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u947*}})}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 {\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ j=1..N\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u947*}})},, )C\\s\\do6({\fs20 i})C\\s\\do6({\fs20 j}){\f4 I}  \\b ( 2{\u955*}+2\\,\~{\u945*}\\s\\up({\fs20 (k),ij})){\f4 I}  \\b ( 2l+2\\,\~{\u946*}\\s\\up({\fs20 (k),ij})). {\*\bkmkstart BMwf_normalizations}{\*\bkmkend BMwf_normalizations} }}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 (34)}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 This, in turn, gives the the normalization of the total three-body wave function as follows {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f4 {\i W}}= \\i \\su({\u947*},, ){\f4 {\i W}}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\i k}),{\u947*}})=1.}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 (35)}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi360 A correlation density function of the total wave function ({\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMtotwf \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{1.1}}}) can be expressed in the following way {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i W} \\b ({\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}})\\,{\i y}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}}))= \\i \\in(,, ) \\i \\in(,, ){\i x}\\s\\up({\fs20 2,{\i k}}){\i y}\\s\\up({\fs20 2,{\i k}}){\i d}{\f5\u770\'5e}{\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}})\~{\i d}\u375y\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}})\~|{\u936*}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i J}{\i M},{\i t}{\i o}{\i t}})|\\s\\up6({\fs20 2})= \\i \\su({\u947*},, ){\i W}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u947*}}) \\b ({\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}})\\,{\i y}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}}))}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 ({\*\bkmkstart BMwf_cor_density}36{\*\bkmkend BMwf_cor_density})}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 with {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i W}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u947*}}) \\b ({\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}})\\,{\i y}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}}))= \\i \\su({\i i}{\i j},, ){\i C}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\i C}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i j}}){\i x}\\s\\up({\fs20 2+2{\u955*},{\i k}}){\i y}\\s\\up({\fs20 2+2{\i l},{\i k}}){{\i e}{\i x}{\i p}} \\b (\u8722?{1}{2}{\u945*}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\i k}),{\i i}{\i j}}){\i x}\\s\\up({\fs20 2,{\i k}})\u8722?{1}{2}{\u946*}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\i k}),{\i i}{\i j}}){\i y}\\s\\up({\fs20 2,{\i k}})).}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 (37)}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 Here, the summation goes over {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i i}=1\\,..\\,{\i N}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u947*}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} and {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i j}=1\\,..\\,{\i N}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u947*}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}.\par
\pard\plain\s3\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl480\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0 {\*\bkmkstart BMsection_density_function}5{\*\bkmkend BMsection_density_function}  Density distribution functions\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 The density distribution function of nuclear matter within the three body model can be expressed as follows {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u1009*}({\i0\scaps0\b R})= \\i \\su({\u953*}=\{{\i k}{\i p}{\i q}\},, ){\u1009*}\\s\\up6({\fs20 ({\u953*})})({\i0\scaps0\b R})}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 (38)}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 where {{\u953*}=\{{\i k},{\i p},{\i q}\}}. The density function of a cluster is given by {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u1009*}\\s\\up6({\fs20 ({\u953*})})({\i0\scaps0\b R})={\f5\u9001*}\~{\u936*}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i J}{\i M},{\i t}{\i o}{\i t}})\~|\~{\f5\u770\'5e}{\u1009*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})\~|\~{\u936*}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i J}{\i M},{\i t}{\i o}{\i t}})\~{\f5\u9002*}\\,}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 (39)}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 here, the operator of density is defined as {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u770\'5e}{\u1009*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\u8801*}{}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \qc [Sorry. Ignored {\plain\f3\\begin\{cases\} ... \\end\{cases\}}]\par
}\tab{\b0 (\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 40)}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 where {{\u948*}({\i0\scaps0\b z})} \endash  delta function, {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u1009*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}})({\i0\scaps0\b r})}}{\fldrslt }}
} \endash  internal density distribution function of {{\u945*}}-cluster: {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u1009*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}})({\i0\scaps0\b r})={\u1009*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 0}){\plain exp} \\b (\u8722?{\u947*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 0}){\i0\scaps0\b r}\\s\\up6({\fs20 2}))}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 (41)}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 The {{\u945*}}-particle density function is normalized to unity with the following parameters {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u947*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 0})= \\F(3,2) \\F(1,<{\i r}\\s\\up({\fs20 2,{\u945*}})>)\\,\~\~\~{\u1009*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 0})= \\b ( \\F({\u947*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 0}),{\u960*}))\\s\\up17({\fs20 {3}{2}}).}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 ({\*\bkmkstart BMrho_alpha_parameters}42{\*\bkmkend BMrho_alpha_parameters})}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 Here, the square root of {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ <{\i r}\\s\\up({\fs20 2,{\u945*}})>}}{\fldrslt }}
} \endash  rms matter radius of {{\u945*}}-particle, which equals to 1.461 {{\i f}{\i m}} 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_satchler1979folding \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{satchler1979folding}}}
].\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi360 Write a matrix element of the nucleon operator {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u948*} \\b ({\i0\scaps0\b y}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}})\u8722?{\i y}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\i k}),0}){\i0\scaps0\b R})}}{\fldrslt }}
} via the basis functions: {\par
\pard\plain\s14\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tql\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ }}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\u966*}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i J}{\i M},{\u947*}{\i i}})({\i k}\\,{\i p}{\i q})|{\u948*} \\b ({\i0\scaps0\b y}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}})\u8722?{\i y}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\i k}),0}){\i0\scaps0\b R})|{\u966*}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i J}{\i M},{\u947*}'{\i j}})({\i k}\\,{\i p}{\i q}){\f5\u9002*}=}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
\tab{\b0 ({\*\bkmkstart BMme_delta_k}43{\*\bkmkend BMme_delta_k})}\par
\pard\plain\s14\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tql\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ }}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ ={\i C}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\i C}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i j}}) \\i \\in(,, ) \\i \\in(,, ){\i d}{{\i x}}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}}){\i d}{{\i y}}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}})\~{\i x}\\s\\up({\fs20 2,{\i k}})\~{\i y}\\s\\up({\fs20 2,{\i k}})\~{\u981*}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\u955*}\\,{\i l}),{\i i}})({\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}})\\,{\i y}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}}))\~{\u981*}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\u955*}\\,{\i l}),{\i j}})({\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}})\\,{\i y}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}})) \\F({\u948*} \\b ({{\i y}}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}})\u8722?{\i y}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\i k}),0}){{\i R}}),{\i y}\\s\\up({\fs20 2,{\i k}}))\~{\u948*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u947*}{\u947*}'})\~=}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
\pard\plain\s14\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tql\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ }}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ ={\i C}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\i C}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i j}}) \\b ({\i y}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\i k}),0}))\\s\\up17({\fs20 2{\i l}}){\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 2{\i l}}){\plain exp} \\b (\u8722?{1}{2}{{\i y}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\i k}),0})}\\s\\up6({\fs20 2}){\u946*}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\i k}),{\i i}{\i j}}){\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 2})){\f4 {\i I}} \\b (2{\u955*}+2\\,{1}{2}{\u945*}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\i k}),{\i i}{\i j}})){\u948*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u947*}{\u947*}'}).\~}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 Based on this expression the density function {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u1009*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}})({\i R})}}{\fldrslt }}
} of the nucleon {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i k}{\u8801*}{\i N}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} has form {\par
\pard\plain\s14\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tql\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u1009*}\\s\\up6({\fs20 ({\i N}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i k}}))})({\i R})=}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ  \\i \\su({\u947*},, ){\u1009*}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\i N}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i k}})),{\u947*}})({\i R})\\,}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 where {\par
\pard\plain\s14\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tql\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u1009*}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\i N}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i k}})),{\u947*}})({\i R})= \\i \\su({\i i}{\i j},, ){\i C}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\i C}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i j}}) \\b ({\i y}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\i k}),0}))\\s\\up17({\fs20 2{\i l}}){\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 2{\i l}})}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\plain exp} \\b (\u8722?{1}{2}{{\i y}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\i k}),0})}\\s\\up6({\fs20 2}){\u946*}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\i k}),{\i i}{\i j}}){\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 2})){\f4 {\i I}} \\b (2{\u955*}+2\\,{1}{2}{\u945*}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\i k}),{\i i}{\i j}})).}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 If the cluster {{\i k}} is {{\u945*}}-particle, a relevant matrix element has form {\par
\pard\plain\s14\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tql\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ }}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\u966*}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i J}{\i M},{\u947*}{\i i}})({\i k}\\,{\i p}{\i q})|{\u1009*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}}) \\b ({\i0\scaps0\b y}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}})\u8722?{\i y}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\i k}),0}){\i0\scaps0\b R})|{\u966*}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i J}{\i M},{\u947*}'{\i j}})({\i k}\\,{\i p}{\i q}){\f5\u9002*}=}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
\pard\plain\s14\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tql\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ }}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ ={\u1009*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 0}){\i C}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\i C}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i j}}){\plain exp} \\b (\u8722?{\u947*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 0}){\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 2})) \\i \\in(,, ) \\i \\in(,, ){\i d}{{\i x}}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}}){\i d}{{\i y}}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}})\~{\i x}\\s\\up({\fs20 2,{\i k}})\~{\i y}\\s\\up({\fs20 2,{\i k}})\~{\u981*}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\u955*}\\,{\i l}),{\i i}})({\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}})\\,{\i y}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}}))\~{\u981*}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\u955*}\\,{\i l}),{\i j}})({\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}})\\,{\i y}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}})){\u215*}}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
\pard\plain\s14\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tql\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ }}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u215*}{\plain exp} \\b (\u8722?{\u947*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 0}){{\i y}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\i k}),0})}\\s\\up6({\fs20 2}){\i y}\\s\\up({\fs20 2,{\i k}})){\i i}\\s\\do6({\fs20 0})(2{\u947*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 0}){\i y}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\i k}),0}){\i y}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}}){\i R}){\u948*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u947*}{\u947*}'})\\,}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 where, {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i i}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i l}})({\i x})}}{\fldrslt }}
} is the modified spherical Bessel function of the first kind ({\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMmod_sph_bessel \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{A.15}}}). The density function of the {{\u945*}}-particle {{\i k}} is built as follows {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u1009*}\\s\\up6({\fs20 ({\u945*}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i k}}))})({\i R})= \\i \\su({\u947*},, ){\u1009*}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\u945*}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i k}})),{\u947*}})({\i R})\\,}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 ({\*\bkmkstart BMrho_alphak}44{\*\bkmkend BMrho_alphak})}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 where {\par
\pard\plain\s14\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tql\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u1009*}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\u945*}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i k}})),{\u947*}})({\i R})=4{\u960*}{\u1009*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 0}){\plain exp} \\b (\u8722?{\u947*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 0}){\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 2})) \\i \\su({\i i}{\i j},, ){\i C}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\i C}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i j}}){\f4 {\i I}} \\b (2{\u955*}+2\\,{1}{2}{\u945*}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\i k}),{\i i}{\i j}})){\u215*}}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
\tab
\tab{\b0 (45)}\par
\pard\plain\s14\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tql\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u215*}{\f4 {\i I}} \\b ({\i l}\\,\~0\\,\~{\u946*}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\i k}),{\i i}{\i j}})+2{{\i y}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\i k}),0})}\\s\\up6({\fs20 2}){\u947*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 0})\\,\~2{\u947*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 0}){\i y}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\i k}),0}){\i R}).}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 Here, {{\f4 {\i I}}({\i n},\~{\i l},\~{\i v},\~|{\i w}|)} is given in Eq. ({\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMtable_integral_2 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{A.17}}}). \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi360 Let\rquote s turn to the density functions of {{\i q}} particles. In order to calculate the matrix elements for these particle, one must switch basis functions into {({\i q},{\i k}{\i p})} Jacobi coordinate set, as in the case with overlap matrix element ({\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMoverlap_alternative \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{1.24}}}). In particular, the matrix element for the nucleon {{\i q}} may be represented in the form {\par
\pard\plain\s14\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tql\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ }}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\u966*}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i J}{\i M},{\u947*}{\i i}})({\i k}\\,{\i p}{\i q})|{\u948*} \\b ({\i0\scaps0\b y}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i q}})\u8722?{\i y}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\i q}),0}){\i0\scaps0\b R})|{\u966*}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i J}{\i M},{\u947*}'{\i j}})({\i k}\\,{\i p}{\i q}){\f5\u9002*}=}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
\pard\plain\s14\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tql\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ }}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ  \\i \\su({\f5\u771\'7e}{\u947*}{\f5\u771\'7e}{\u947*}',, ){\i A}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\f5\u771\'7e}{\u955*}'{\f5\u771\'7e}{\i l}'{\u955*}'{\i l}',{\i0\scaps0\b Q}}){\i A}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\f5\u771\'7e}{\u955*}{\f5\u771\'7e}{\i l}{\u955*}{\i l},{\i0\scaps0\b Q}}){\f5\u9001*}{\u966*}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i J}{\i M},{\f5\u771\'7e}{\u947*}{\i i}}) \\b ({\i q}\\,{\i k}{\i p})|{\u948*} \\b ({\i0\scaps0\b y}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i q}})\u8722?{\i y}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\i q}),0}){\i0\scaps0\b R})|{\u966*}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i J}{\i M},{\f5\u771\'7e}{\u947*}\\s\\up5({\fs16 '}){\i j}}) \\b ({\i q}\\,{\i k}{\i p}){\f5\u9002*}.}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 Analogously to the Eq. ({\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMme_delta_k \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{1.41}}}) the density function of the nucleon {{\i q}} may be represented as follows {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u1009*}\\s\\up6({\fs20 ({\i N}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i q}}))})({\i R})= \\i \\su({\u947*},, ){\u1009*}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\i N}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i q}})),{\u947*}})({\i R})\\,}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 ({\*\bkmkstart BMrho_nq}46{\*\bkmkend BMrho_nq})}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 where the component {{\u947*}} is {\par
\pard\plain\s14\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tql\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ }}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u1009*}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\i N}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i q}})),{\u947*}})= \\i \\su({\f5\u771\'7e}{\u947*}{\i i}{\i j},, ){{\i A}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\f5\u771\'7e}{\u955*}{\f5\u771\'7e}{\i l}{\u955*}{\i l},{\i0\scaps0\b Q}})}\\s\\up6({\fs20 2}){\i C}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\i C}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i j}}) \\b ({\i y}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\i q}),0}))\\s\\up17({\fs20 2{\f5\u771\'7e}{\i l}}){\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 2{\f5\u771\'7e}{\i l}}){\plain exp} \\b (\u8722?{1}{2}{{\i y}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\i q}),0})}\\s\\up6({\fs20 2}){\u946*}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\i q}),{\i i}{\i j}}){\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 2})){\u215*}}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
\tab{\b0 (47)}\par
\pard\plain\s14\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tql\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ }}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u215*}{\f4 {\i I}} \\b (2{\f5\u771\'7e}{\u955*}+2\\,{1}{2}{{\u945*}'}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\i q}),{\i i}{\i j}})).}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 Here, it should be reminded that the rotation matrix {{\i0\scaps0\b Q}} also depends on {{\i i}{\i j}} indexes (see. Eq. ({\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMq_rotation_matrix \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{1.27}}}) and ({\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMoverlap_to_q \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{1.31}}})). And, the matrix element of the density operator for {{\u945*}}-cluster {{\i q}} may be introduced in the following expression {\par
\pard\plain\s14\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tql\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ }}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\u966*}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i J}{\i M},{\u947*}{\i i}})({\i k}\\,{\i p}{\i q})|{\u1009*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}}) \\b ({\i0\scaps0\b y}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i q}})\u8722?{\i y}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\i q}),0}){\i0\scaps0\b R})|{\u966*}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i J}{\i M},{\u947*}'{\i j}})({\i k}\\,{\i p}{\i q}){\f5\u9002*}=}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
\pard\plain\s14\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tql\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ }}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ  \\i \\su({\f5\u771\'7e}{\u947*}{\f5\u771\'7e}{\u947*}',, ){\i A}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\f5\u771\'7e}{\u955*}'{\f5\u771\'7e}{\i l}'{\u955*}'{\i l}',{\i0\scaps0\b Q}}){\i A}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\f5\u771\'7e}{\u955*}{\f5\u771\'7e}{\i l}{\u955*}{\i l},{\i0\scaps0\b Q}}){\f5\u9001*}{\u966*}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i J}{\i M},{\f5\u771\'7e}{\u947*}{\i i}}) \\b ({\i q}\\,{\i k}{\i p})|{\u1009*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}}) \\b ({\i0\scaps0\b y}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i q}})\u8722?{\i y}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\i q}),0}){\i0\scaps0\b R})|{\u966*}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i J}{\i M},{\f5\u771\'7e}{\u947*}\\s\\up5({\fs16 '}){\i j}}) \\b ({\i q}\\,{\i k}{\i p}){\f5\u9002*}.}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 Following simple derivations one may write the density function of the {{\u945*}}-cluster of three body system in the scheme {{({\i q},{\i k}{\i p})}} as {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u1009*}\\s\\up6({\fs20 ({\u945*}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i q}}))})({\i R})= \\i \\su({\u947*},, ){\u1009*}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\u945*}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i q}})),{\u947*}})({\i R})\\,}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 ({\*\bkmkstart BMrho_alpha_q}48{\*\bkmkend BMrho_alpha_q})}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 where the function {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u1009*}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\u945*}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i q}})),{\u947*}})({\i R})}}{\fldrslt }}
} is {\par
\pard\plain\s14\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tql\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ }}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u1009*}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\u945*}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i q}})),{\u947*}})({\i R})=4{\u960*}{\u1009*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 0}){\plain exp} \\b (\u8722?{\u947*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 0}){\i R}\\s\\up6({\fs20 2})) \\i \\su({\f5\u771\'7e}{\u947*}{\i i}{\i j},, ){{\i A}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\f5\u771\'7e}{\u955*}{\f5\u771\'7e}{\i l}{\u955*}{\i l},{\i0\scaps0\b Q}})}\\s\\up6({\fs20 2}){\i C}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\i C}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i j}}){\f4 {\i I}} \\b (2{\f5\u771\'7e}{\u955*}+2\\,{1}{2}{{\u945*}'}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\i q}),{\i i}{\i j}})){\u215*}}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
\tab{\b0 (49)}\par
\pard\plain\s14\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tql\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ }}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u215*}{\f4 {\i I}} \\b ({\f5\u771\'7e}{\i l}\\,\~0\\,\~{\u946*}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\i q}),{\i i}{\i j}})+2\~{{\i y}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\i q}),0})}\\s\\up6({\fs20 2}){\u947*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 0})\\,\~2{\u947*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 0}){\i y}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\i q}),0}){\i R}).}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi360 Density functions for the nucleons {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i N}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i p}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} and {{\u945*}}-clusters {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u945*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i p}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} are obtained in the similar way, as with density functions for the nucleon {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i N}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i q}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} and {{\u945*}}-cluster {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u945*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i q}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}.\par
\pard\plain\s3\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl480\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0 6  Root mean square radii\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 The above deduced density functions are useful for deriving the root mean square (rms) radii. Moreover, the explicit form of some integrals allows to express the rms radius in a convenient form. This would enable the exact value than the value obtained numerically.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi360 The matter rms radius of in the framework of three body system in this work are defined as follows {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\i r}\\s\\up6({\fs20 2}){\f5\u9002*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i m}})= \\F({\i m}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}}),{\i m}){\f5\u9001*}{\i r}\\s\\up({\fs20 2,{\i k}}){\f5\u9002*}+ \\F({\i m}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i p}}),{\i m}){\f5\u9001*}{\i r}\\s\\up({\fs20 2,{\i p}}){\f5\u9002*}+ \\F({\i m}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i q}}),{\i m}){\f5\u9001*}{\i r}\\s\\up({\fs20 2,{\i q}}){\f5\u9002*}\\,\~\~\~{\i m}={\i m}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}})+{\i m}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i p}})+{\i m}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i q}})\\,}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 (50)}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 while the charge radius is {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\i r}\\s\\up6({\fs20 2}){\f5\u9002*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i c}{\i h}})= \\F({\i z}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}}),{\i z}){\f5\u9001*}{\i r}\\s\\up({\fs20 2,{\i k}}){\f5\u9002*}+ \\F({\i z}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i p}}),{\i z}){\f5\u9001*}{\i r}\\s\\up({\fs20 2,{\i p}}){\f5\u9002*}+ \\F({\i z}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i q}}),{\i z}){\f5\u9001*}{\i r}\\s\\up({\fs20 2,{\i q}}){\f5\u9002*}\\,\~\~\~{\i z}={\i z}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}})+{\i z}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i p}})+{\i z}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i q}})\\,}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 (51)}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 where {{\i z}} \endash  charge of the three body system, the rms radii in general way are determined as follows {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\i r}\\s\\up({\fs20 2,{\i i}}){\f5\u9002*}= \\i (0,{\u8734*}, ){\i d}{\i r}\~{\i r}\\s\\up6({\fs20 4}){\u1009*}\\s\\up6({\fs20 ({\i i})})({\i r})\\,\~\~\~{\i i}{\u8801*}\{{\i k}\\,\~{\i p}\\,\~{\i q}\}.}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 ({\*\bkmkstart BMrms_general}52{\*\bkmkend BMrms_general})}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi360 In particular, using the Eq.\~({\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMrho_nk \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{1.42}}}) the rms radius {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\i r}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i N}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i k}})}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
} for the nucleon {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i k}{\u8801*}{\i N}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} is defined as follows {\par
\pard\plain\s14\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tql\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\i r}\\s\\up({\fs20 2,{\i N}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i k}})}){\f5\u9002*}= \\i \\su({\u947*}{\i i}{\i j},, ){\i C}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\i C}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i j}}) \\b ({\i y}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\i k}),0}))\\s\\up17({\fs20 2{\i l}+3}){\f4 {\i I}}(2{\i l}+4\\,\~{1}{2}{{\i y}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\i k}),0})}\\s\\up6({\fs20 2}){\u946*}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\i k}),{\i i}{\i j}}))\~{\f4 {\i I}} \\b (2{\u955*}+2\\,\~{1}{2}{\u945*}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\i k}),{\i i}{\i j}})).}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
\tab
\tab{\b0 (53)}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi360 In the case of the {{\u945*}}-cluster {{\i q}}, by means of the Eq. ({\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMrho_alphak \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{1.44}}}) its rms radii is calculated as follows {\par
\pard\plain\s14\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tql\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\i r}\\s\\up({\fs20 2,{\u945*}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i k}})}){\f5\u9002*}=}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ 4{\u960*}{\u1009*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 0}) \\i \\su({\u947*}{\i i}{\i j},, ){\f4 {\i I}} \\b (2{\u955*}+2\\,\~{1}{2}{\u945*}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\i k}),{\i i}{\i j}})){\u215*}}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
\tab{\b0 (54)}\par
\pard\plain\s14\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tql\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ }}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u215*}{\f4 {\i I}} \\b (1\\,\~{\i l}\\,\~0\\,\~2{\u947*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 0})\\,\~{\u946*}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\i k}),{\i i}{\i j}})+2{{\i y}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\i k}),0})}\\s\\up6({\fs20 2}){\u947*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 0})\\,\~2{\u947*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 0}){\i y}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\i k}),0}))}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 where the integral depending on six arguments is expressed in Appendix {\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMAppendixA \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{A}}} (see Eq. ({\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMtable_integral3 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{A.19}}})).\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi360 Likewise, the rms radii for the particle {{\i q}} in the three body system may be expressed through the density functions {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u1009*}\\s\\up6({\fs20 ({\i q})})}}{\fldrslt }}
} . For instance, putting the Eq. ({\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMrho_nq \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{1.47}}}) into the Eq. ({\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMrms_general \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{1.54}}}) we can get the rms radius {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\i r}\\s\\up({\fs20 2,{\i N}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i q}})}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
} for the nucleon {{\i q}}: {\par
\pard\plain\s14\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tql\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\i r}\\s\\up({\fs20 2,{\i N}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i q}})}){\f5\u9002*}=}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ  \\i \\su({\u947*}{\f5\u771\'7e}{\u947*},, ) \\i \\su({\i i}{\i j},, ){{\i A}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\f5\u771\'7e}{\u955*}{\f5\u771\'7e}{\i l}{\u955*}{\i l},{\i0\scaps0\b Q}})}\\s\\up6({\fs20 2}){\i C}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\i C}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i j}}) \\b ({\i y}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\i q}),0}))\\s\\up17({\fs20 2{\f5\u771\'7e}{\i l}+3}){\f4 {\i I}}(2{\f5\u771\'7e}{\i l}+4\\,\~{1}{2}{{\i y}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\i q}),0})}\\s\\up6({\fs20 2}){\u946*}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\i q}),{\i i}{\i j}}))\~{\u215*}}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
\pard\plain\s14\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tql\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ }}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u215*}{\f4 {\i I}} \\b (2{\f5\u771\'7e}{\u955*}+2\\,{1}{2}{{\u945*}'}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\i q}),{\i i}{\i j}})).}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 Inserting Eq. ({\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMrho_alpha_q \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{1.50}}}) into Eq. ({\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMrms_general \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{1.54}}}) we obtain the rms radius {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\i r}\\s\\up({\fs20 2,{\u945*}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i q}})}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
} for the {{\u945*}}-cluster {{\i q}} the following expression {\par
\pard\plain\s14\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tql\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\i r}\\s\\up({\fs20 2,{\u945*}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i q}})}){\f5\u9002*}=}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ 4{\u960*}{\u1009*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 0}) \\i \\su({\u947*}{\f5\u771\'7e}{\u947*},, ) \\i \\su({\i i}{\i j},, ){{\i A}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\f5\u771\'7e}{\u955*}{\f5\u771\'7e}{\i l}{\u955*}{\i l},{\i0\scaps0\b Q}})}\\s\\up6({\fs20 2}){\i C}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\i C}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i j}}){\f4 {\i I}} \\b (2{\f5\u771\'7e}{\u955*}+2\\,{1}{2}{{\u945*}'}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\i q}),{\i i}{\i j}})){\u215*}}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
\pard\plain\s14\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tql\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ }}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u215*}{\f4 {\i I}} \\b (1\\,\~{\f5\u771\'7e}{\i l}\\,\~0\\,\~2{\u947*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 0})\\,\~{\u946*}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\i q}),{\i i}{\i j}})+2{{\i y}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\i q}),0})}\\s\\up6({\fs20 2}){\u947*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 0})\\,\~2{\u947*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 0}){\i y}\\s\\up({\fs20 ({\i q}),0}))}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi360 As regards for the particles {{\i p}} in the three body system the rms radii {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\i r}\\s\\up({\fs20 2,{\i q}}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
} may be extracted in analogous way as in the case with the particles {{\i q}}. \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi360 For calculating charge radii one must use the different parametrizations {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u1009*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 0})}}{\fldrslt }}
} and {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u947*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 0})}}{\fldrslt }}
}. Provided the {{\u945*}}-particle has Gaussian density distribution, the parameters may be obtained by using the charge rms radius {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\i r}\\s\\up6({\fs20 2}){\f5\u9002*}\\s\\up({\fs20 1/2,{\i c}{\i h}})=1.67}}{\fldrslt }}
} 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_satchler1979folding \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{satchler1979folding}}}
] in the Eq. ({\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMrho_alpha_parameters \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{1.40}}}).\par
\page
\pard\plain\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs40\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 Chapter {\*\bkmkstart BMChapter2}2{\*\bkmkend BMChapter2}\par
\pard\plain\s2\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs40\sl480\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0 Theoretical models describing nuclear reactions\par
\pard\plain\s3\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl480\slmult1 \sb480 \fi0 1  Description of elastic scattering\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 In this chapter the description of scattering of two nuclei is given by a complex potential {{\i U}}. The potential may depend on the spins of the two nuclei but not on their internal coordinates. Thus, it cannot excite the nuclei internally or cause the transfer between them. It can only change their relative motion and, perhaps, reorient spins to each other or to the orbital motion 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_satchler1983 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{satchler1983}}}
]. \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi360 In the case of colliding {{\i a}} + {{\i A}} particles without spin the potential {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i U} \\b ({\i r})}}{\fldrslt }}
} is central, depending only on the magnitude of the channel coordinate {{\i0\scaps0\b r}}. The corresponding Schr\'f6dinger equation may be written explicitly {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ  \\b ({\i E}+ \\F({\u295*}\\s\\up6({\fs20 2}),2{\u956*}){\i0\scaps0\b {\f5\u8711*}}\\s\\up6({\fs20 2})\u8722?{\i U} \\b ({\i r})){\u967*} \\b ({\i0\scaps0\b r})=0}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 ({\*\bkmkstart BMes_she1}1{\*\bkmkend BMes_she1})}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 where {{\u956*}} is the reduced mass of the {{\i a}}+{{\i A}} system, {{\i E}} is the energy in the centre-of-mass system. The {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u967*} \\b ({\i0\scaps0\b r})}}{\fldrslt }}
} wave function is known as distorted waves describing elastic scattering. The expression "distorted wave" is meant to denote distortion away from the plane wave form due to the presence of the distorting potential {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i U} \\b ({\i r})}}{\fldrslt }}
} (see Fig. {\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMfig_scattering_scheme \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{2.1}}}). Asymptotically, it has the form of an incident plane wave plus outgoing (scattered) spherical waves {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u967*}\\s\\up6({\fs20 (+)}) \\b ({\i0\scaps0\b k}\\,{\i0\scaps0\b r}){\u8594*}{\i e}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i i}{\i0\scaps0\b k}{\u8901*}{\i0\scaps0\b r}})+{\i f} \\b ({\u920*}) \\F(1,{\i0\scaps0\b r}){\i e}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i i}{\i k}{\i r}})\\,\~\~{\i0\scaps0\b r}{\u8594*}{\u8734*}}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 ({\*\bkmkstart BMes_chi_assymp_with_f}2{\*\bkmkend BMes_chi_assymp_with_f})}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 where {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i f} \\b ({\u920*})}}{\fldrslt }}
} is the scattering amplitude. The {(+)} superscript stands for outgoing plane wave, while incoming spherical waves is the time-reverse of the {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u967*}\\s\\up6({\fs20 (+)})}}{\fldrslt }}
} {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u967*}\\s\\up6({\fs20 (\u8722?)}) \\b ({\i0\scaps0\b k}\\,{\i0\scaps0\b r})= \\b ({\u967*}\\s\\up6({\fs20 (+)}) \\b (\u8722?{\i0\scaps0\b k}\\,{\i0\scaps0\b r}))\\s\\up17({\fs20 *})}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 (3)}\par
}{\pard\plain\s31\qc\sb120\sa0\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \sb240 \fi360 \par
\pard\plain\s9\qc\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl480\slmult1 \fi0   \par
\pard\plain\s30\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 {Figure {\*\bkmkstart BMfig_scattering_scheme}1{\*\bkmkend BMfig_scattering_scheme}:  An incoming plane wave scattering off a body making a distorted wave}{\field{\*\fldinst TC "1  An incoming plane wave scattering off a body making a distorted wave" \\f f}{\fldrslt }}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \sb240 \fi360 Using the partial wave expansion {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u967*}\\s\\up6({\fs20 (+)}) \\b ({\i0\scaps0\b k}\\,{\i0\scaps0\b r})= \\F(4{\u960*},{\i k}{\i r}) \\i \\su({\i L}{\i M},, ){\i i}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i L}}){\u967*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i L}}) \\b ({\i k}\\,{\i r}){\i Y}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i L}{\i M}}) \\b ({\f5\u770\'5e}{\i0\scaps0\b r}) \\b ({\i Y}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i L}{\i M}})({\f5\u770\'5e}{\i0\scaps0\b k}))\\s\\up17({\fs20 *})\\,}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 (4)}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 A solution for Eq. ({\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMes_she1 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{2.1}}}) in the absence of any interaction potential, {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i U} \\b ({\i r})=0}}{\fldrslt }}
}, is given by {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u967*}\\s\\up6({\fs20 (+)}) \\b ({\i0\scaps0\b k}\\,{\i0\scaps0\b r}){\u8594*}{\i e}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i i}{\i0\scaps0\b k}{\u8901*}{\i0\scaps0\b r}})\\,\~\~{\i0\scaps0\b r}{\u8594*}{\u8734*}\\,}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 (5)}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 for radial part only is written as {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u967*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i L}}) \\b ({\i k}\\,{\i r}){\u8594*}{\i k}{\i r}\~{\i j}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i L}}) \\b ({\i k}{\i r})\\,\~\~{\i r}{\u8594*}{\u8734*}\\,}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 (6)}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 where {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i j}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i L}}) \\b ({\i k}{\i r})}}{\fldrslt }}
} is the usual spherical Bessel function. The {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u967*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i L}}) \\b ({\i k}\\,{\i r})}}{\fldrslt }}
} radial function satisfies the radial Schr\'f6dinger equation {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ  \\b ( \\F({\i d}\\s\\up6({\fs20 2}),{\i d}{\i r}\\s\\up6({\fs20 2}))+{\i k}\\s\\up6({\fs20 2})\u8722? \\F({\i L}({\i L}+1),{\i r}\\s\\up6({\fs20 2}))\u8722? \\F(2{\u956*},{\u295*}\\s\\up6({\fs20 2})){\i U} \\b ({\i r})){\u967*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i L}}) \\b ({\i k}\\,{\i r})=0\\,}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 ({\*\bkmkstart BMes_she_radial}7{\*\bkmkend BMes_she_radial})}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 where {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i k}\\s\\up6({\fs20 2})= \\F(2{\u956*}{\i E},{\u295*}\\s\\up6({\fs20 2}))}}{\fldrslt }}
}.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi360 In the case of the interaction potential has a more sophisticated form, including both Coulomb and nuclear short-range potentials, the radial Schr\'f6dinger equation ({\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMes_she_radial \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{2.7}}}) may be rewritten as {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ  \\b ( \\F({\i d}\\s\\up6({\fs20 2}),{\i d}{\i r}\\s\\up6({\fs20 2}))+{\i k}\\s\\up6({\fs20 2})\u8722? \\F(2{\u951*}{\i k},{\i r})\u8722? \\F({\i L}({\i L}+1),{\i r}\\s\\up6({\fs20 2}))\u8722? \\F(2{\u956*},{\u295*}\\s\\up6({\fs20 2})){\i U} \\b ({\i r})){\u967*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i L}}) \\b ({\i k}\\,{\i r})=0\\,}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 ({\*\bkmkstart BMes_she2}8{\*\bkmkend BMes_she2})}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 where {{\u951*}} is the usual Sommerfeld parameter with the {{\i Z}} charge numbers {\par
\pard\plain\s11\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u951*}= \\F({\i Z}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i a}}){\i Z}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i A}}){\i e}\\s\\up6({\fs20 2}){\u956*},{\u295*}\\s\\up6({\fs20 2}){\i k})}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 At the radius {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i r}\\s\\do6({\fs20 0})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, where the nuclear potential is negligible, Eq.\~({\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMes_she2 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{2.8}}}) has the solution, which can be expressed in terms of the {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {{\i H}}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i L}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} outgoing and {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {{\i H}}\\s\\up({\fs20 *,{\i L}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} incoming Coulomb functions, as follow {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u967*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i L}}) \\b ({\i k}\\,{\i r}){\u8594*} \\F({\i i},2){\i e}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i i}{\u963*}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i L}})}) \\b ({{\i H}}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i L}})({\i k}{\i r}\\s\\do6({\fs20 0}))\\s\\up6({\fs20 *})\u8722?{\i S}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i L}}){{\i H}}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i L}})({\i k}{\i r}\\s\\do6({\fs20 0})))\\,\~\~{\i r}{\u8594*}{\i r}\\s\\do6({\fs20 0})}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 ({\*\bkmkstart BMes_assymp_chi}9{\*\bkmkend BMes_assymp_chi})}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 where {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u963*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i L}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} is the Coulomb phase shift, and it is given with the {{\u915*}} Gamma function as follow {\par
\pard\plain\s11\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u963*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i L}})={\i A}{\i r}{\i g} \\b ({\u915*} \\b ({\i L}+1+{\i i}{\u951*}))}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 In practice, the radial Eq.\~({\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMes_she2 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{2.8}}}) is solved by numerical integration from {{\i r}{\u8776*}0}, then, matched the value and the slope of the result onto the form ({\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMes_assymp_chi \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{2.9}}}) ar {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i r}={\i r}\\s\\do6({\fs20 0})}}{\fldrslt }}
}. This procedure then gives a value for the {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i S}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i L}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} scattering matrix elements. Having the {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i S}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i L}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} matrix elements, the amplitude of the elastic scattering, analogous from Eq.\~({\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMes_chi_assymp_with_f \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{2.2}}}), for the {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u967*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i L}}) \\b ({\i k}\\,{\i r})}}{\fldrslt }}
} wave function in the Eq.\~({\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMes_she2 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{2.8}}}) is given by {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i f}({\u920*})= \\F(1,2{\i i}{\i k}) \\i \\su({\i L},, )(2{\i L}+1){\i e}\\s\\up6({\fs20 2{\i i}{\u963*}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i L}})}) \\b ({\i S}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i L}})\u8722?1){{\i P}}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i L}})({{\i c}{\i o}{\i s}}({\u920*}))}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 ({\*\bkmkstart BMes_amplitude_nuclear}10{\*\bkmkend BMes_amplitude_nuclear})}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 where {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {{\i P}}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i L}})({\i x})}}{\fldrslt }}
} is the Legendre polynomials, which are solutions to the Legendre differential equation. By means of the Rutherford scattering amplitude {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i f}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i C}})({\u920*})=\u8722? \\F({\u951*},2{\i k}{{{\i s}{\i i}{\i n}}}\\s\\up6({\fs20 2}) \\b ({1}{2}{\u920*})){\i e}\\s\\up6({\fs20  \\b ({\i i}{\u951*}{{\i l}{\i n}} \\b ({{\i s}{\i i}{\i n}}\\s\\up5({\fs16 2}) \\b ({1}{2}{\u920*}))+2{\i i}{\u963*}\\s\\do5({\fs16 0}))})}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 (11)}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 the differential cross section of the elastic scattering has the form {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ  \\F({{\i d}}{\u963*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}}),{{\i d}}{\u937*})=|{\i f}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i C}})({\u920*})+{\i f}({\u920*})|\\s\\up6({\fs20 2}).}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 ({\*\bkmkstart BMes_diff_cross_section}12{\*\bkmkend BMes_diff_cross_section})}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 The expression ({\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMes_diff_cross_section \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{2.12}}}) allows thus to provide comparison with the obtained experimental data. \par
\pard\plain\s3\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl480\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0 2  The coupled channels method for inelastic scattering\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 The elastic scattering of the projectile {{\i a}} by the nucleus {{\i A}} has been denoted by {{\u945*}={\i a}+{\i A}}. Let {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u945*}\\s\\up6({\fs20 '})={\i a}+{\i A}\\s\\up6({\fs20 *})}}{\fldrslt }}
} be an inelastic channel , in which only the {{\i A}} nucleus has an extra excitation. In the framework of the coupled channel (CC) approach the total wave function {{\u936*}} for the system may be written as {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u936*}={\u966*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}}) \\b ({{\i x}}){\u967*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}}) \\b ({\i0\scaps0\b r}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}}))+{\u966*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}\\s\\up5({\fs16 '})}) \\b ({{\i x}}){\u967*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}\\s\\up5({\fs16 '})}) \\b ({\i0\scaps0\b r}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}\\s\\up5({\fs16 '})}))}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 ({\*\bkmkstart BMcc_tot_wf}13{\*\bkmkend BMcc_tot_wf})}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 where {{\i0\scaps0\b r}} is the channel coordinate for the partitions {{\u945*}} or {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u945*}\\s\\up6({\fs20 '})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, {{\i x}} represents the corresponding internal coordinates. The total wave function can be part of the Schr\'f6dinger equation kind of {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i H}{\u936*}={\i E}{\u936*}}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 ({\*\bkmkstart BMcc_she1}14{\*\bkmkend BMcc_she1})}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 with the Hamiltonian appropriate particular for the {{\u945*}} partition {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i H}={\i H}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}})+{\i K}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}})+{\i V}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}}).}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 (15)}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 where {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i H}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}}){\u8801*}{\i H}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i a}})+{\i H}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i A}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} is the internal Hamiltonian for the nuclei {{\i a}} and {{\i A}}, {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i K}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} is the kinetic energy operator of relative motion and {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i V}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} is the interaction potential operator. The wave functions of ground {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u966*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}}) \\b ({{\i x}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} and excited state {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u966*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}\\s\\up5({\fs16 '})}) \\b ({{\i x}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, being eigenfunctions of the internal Hamiltonian {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i H}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} {\par
\pard\plain\s14\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tql\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i H}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}}){\u966*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}}) \\b ({{\i x}})=}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u949*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}}){\u966*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}}) \\b ({{\i x}})}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
\pard\plain\s14\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tql\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i H}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}}){\u966*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}\\s\\up5({\fs16 '})}) \\b ({{\i x}})=}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u949*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}\\s\\up5({\fs16 '})}){\u966*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}\\s\\up5({\fs16 '})}) \\b ({{\i x}})\\,}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
\tab{\b0 (16)}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 have an orthonormality property of the form {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ  \\i \\in(,, ){{\i d}{\i x}} \\b ({\u966*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}}) \\b ({{\i x}}))\\s\\up17({\fs20 *}){\u966*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}\\s\\up5({\fs16 '})}) \\b ({{\i x}})={\u948*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}{\u945*}\\s\\up5({\fs16 '})}).}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 ({\*\bkmkstart BMcc_orthonorm}17{\*\bkmkend BMcc_orthonorm})}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 Using the expression of total wave function ({\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMcc_tot_wf \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{2.13}}}), multiplying Eq.\~({\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMcc_she1 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{2.14}}}) from the left by the {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u966*}\\s\\up({\fs20 *,{\u945*}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} function, then, by the {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u966*}\\s\\up({\fs20 *,{\u945*}\\s\\up5({\fs16 '})})}}{\fldrslt }}
} function, the two coupled equations can be defined in the following form {\par
\pard\plain\s14\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tql\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ  \\b ({\i E}\u8722?{\u949*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}})\u8722?{\i K}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}})\u8722?{\f5\u9001*}{\u945*}|{\i V}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}})|{\u945*}{\f5\u9002*}){\u967*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}}) \\b ({\i0\scaps0\b r})=}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\u945*}|{\i V}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}})|{\u945*}\\s\\up6({\fs20 '}){\f5\u9002*}{\u967*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}\\s\\up5({\fs16 '})}) \\b ({\i0\scaps0\b r})}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
\pard\plain\s14\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tql\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ  \\b ({\i E}\u8722?{\u949*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}})\u8722?{\i K}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}})\u8722?{\f5\u9001*}{\u945*}\\s\\up6({\fs20 '})|{\i V}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}})|{\u945*}\\s\\up6({\fs20 '}){\f5\u9002*}){\u967*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}\\s\\up5({\fs16 '})}) \\b ({\i0\scaps0\b r})=}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\u945*}\\s\\up6({\fs20 '})|{\i V}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}})|{\u945*}{\f5\u9002*}{\u967*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}}) \\b ({\i0\scaps0\b r})}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
\tab{\b0 (18)}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 where {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\u945*}|{\i V}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}})|{\u945*}{\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}, or {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\u945*}\\s\\up6({\fs20 '})|{\i V}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}})|{\u945*}{\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}, is the matrix element of {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i V}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}. In particular, the matrix element {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\u945*}\\s\\up6({\fs20 '})|{\i V}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}})|{\u945*}{\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
} is given by {\par
\pard\plain\s14\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tql\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\u945*}\\s\\up6({\fs20 '})|{\i V}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}})|{\u945*}{\f5\u9002*}=}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ  \\i \\in(,, ){\i d}{\i x}{\u966*}\\s\\up({\fs20 ',{\u945*}}) \\b ({{\i x}}){\i V}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}}) \\b ({\i x}\\,{\i0\scaps0\b r}){\u966*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}}) \\b ({{\i x}})=}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
\pard\plain\s14\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tql\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ =}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i V}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}\\s\\up5({\fs16 '}){\u945*}}) \\b ({\i0\scaps0\b r}).}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
\tab{\b0 (19)}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi360 An expansion of the coupling potential {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i V}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}\\s\\up5({\fs16 '}){\u945*}}) \\b ({\i0\scaps0\b r})}}{\fldrslt }}
} into the {{\u955*}} multipoles can be given as follow {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i V}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}\\s\\up5({\fs16 '}){\u945*}}) \\b ({\i0\scaps0\b r})= \\i \\su({\u955*}{\u956*},, ){\i V}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\u955*}{\u956*},{\u945*}\\s\\up5({\fs16 '}){\u945*}})({\i r}){\i Y}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u955*}{\u956*}}) \\b ({\f5\u770\'5e}{\i r})}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 (20)}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi360 If the potential shape has a deformation, the nuclear potential can be constructed as {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i V}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}}) \\b (\i0\scaps0\b {x}\\,{\i0\scaps0\b r})=U \\b (r\u8722?{\u916*} \\b ({\f5\u770\'5e}r\\s\\up6({\fs20 '})))}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 ({\*\bkmkstart BMcc_coup_pot_def}21{\*\bkmkend BMcc_coup_pot_def})}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 where {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u770\'5e}{\i r}\\s\\up6({\fs20 '})}}{\fldrslt }}
} denotes the angular part of {\i0\scaps0\b {r}} referred to the intrinsic coordinates {\i0\scaps0\b {x}}. The shift function {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u916*} \\b ({\f5\u770\'5e}{\i r}\\s\\up6({\fs20 '}))}}{\fldrslt }}
} is normally expanded in multipoles {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u916*} \\b ({\f5\u770\'5e}{\i r}\\s\\up6({\fs20 '}))= \\i \\su({\u955*},, ){\u948*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u955*}}){\i Y}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u955*}0})({\f5\u770\'5e}{\i r}\\s\\up6({\fs20 '})).}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 ({\*\bkmkstart BMcc_delta_def}22{\*\bkmkend BMcc_delta_def})}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi360 In the collective model, the ground and excited states are characterized by their angular momenta {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i I}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} and {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i I}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i f}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} with projections {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i M}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} and {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i M}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i f}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, respectively. For these state the relevant matrix element of the {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i V}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\u955*}{\u956*},{\u945*}{\u945*}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} operator is described using the Wigner-Eckart theorem by {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\i I}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\i M}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})|{\i V}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\u955*}{\u956*},{\u945*}\\s\\up5({\fs16 '}){\u945*}})|{\i I}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i f}}){\i M}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i f}}){\f5\u9002*}= \\R(,2{\i I}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})+1){\f5\u9001*}{\i I}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i f}}){\i M}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i f}}){\u955*}{\u956*}|{\i I}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\i M}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\f5\u9002*}{\f5\u9001*}{\i I}\\s\\up6({\fs20 '})||{\i V}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\u955*},{\u945*}\\s\\up5({\fs16 '}){\u945*}})||{\i I}{\f5\u9002*}.}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 ({\*\bkmkstart BMcc_we}23{\*\bkmkend BMcc_we})}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi360 Using the definitions, ({\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMcc_coup_pot_def \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{2.21}}}) and ({\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMcc_delta_def \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{2.22}}}), the reduced matrix element of radial multipoles from Eq.\~({\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMcc_we \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{2.23}}}) can be rewritten as follow {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\i I}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})||{\i V}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\u955*}{\u956*},{\u945*}\\s\\up5({\fs16 '}){\u945*}})||{\i I}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i f}}){\f5\u9002*}=\u8722? \\F({\f5\u9001*}{\i I}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})||{\u948*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u955*}})||{\i I}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i f}}){\f5\u9002*}, \\R(,4{\u960*})) \\F({{\i d}}{\i U}({\i r}),{{\i d}}{\i r})}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 (24)}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 where {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\i I}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})||{\u948*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u955*}})||{\i I}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i f}}){\f5\u9002*}= \\R(,2{\i I}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i f}})+1){\f5\u9001*}{\i I}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i f}}){\i M}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i f}}){\u955*}0|{\i I}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\i M}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\f5\u9002*}{\f5\u9001*}{\u967*}|{\u948*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u955*}})|{\u967*}{\f5\u9002*}{\u948*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i M}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i i}}){\i M}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i f}})}).}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 (25)}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 The matrix element {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\u967*}|{\u948*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u955*}})|{\u967*}{\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
} is the expectation value of the operator {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u948*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u955*}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} in the internal state of the deformed nucleus. In the framework of the rotational model it can be given with the deformation length {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u946*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u955*}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} as follow {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\u967*}|{\u948*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u955*}})|{\u967*}{\f5\u9002*}={\i R}\\s\\do6({\fs20 0}){\u946*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u955*}})}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 (26)}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 where {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i R}\\s\\do6({\fs20 0})}}{\fldrslt }}
} is an average radius of the interaction potential.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi360 The general asymptotic behaviour of the {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u967*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} elastic channel can be taken from Eq.\~({\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMes_chi_assymp_with_f \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{2.2}}}), while the inelastic channel {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u967*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}\\s\\up5({\fs16 '})})}}{\fldrslt }}
} may have {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u967*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}\\s\\up5({\fs16 '})}) \\b ({\i0\scaps0\b r}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}\\s\\up5({\fs16 '})})){\u8594*}{\i f}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}\\s\\up5({\fs16 '})}) \\b ({\u920*}) \\F({\i e}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i i}{\i k}{\i r}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\u945*}\\s\\up4({\fs13 '})})}),{\i r})\\,\~\~{\i0\scaps0\b r}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}\\s\\up5({\fs16 '})}){\u8594*}{\u8734*}}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 (27)}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 Note, that the plane wave expression doesn\rquote t not present in this equation - only outgoing wave presents. A relevant differential cross section for the inelastic channel is obtained from the coefficient of the outgoing wave as follow {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ  \\F({{\i d}}{\u963*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}\\s\\up5({\fs16 '})}) \\b ({\u920*}),{{\i d}}{\u937*})= \\F({\i k}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}\\s\\up5({\fs16 '})}),{\i k}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}}))|{\i f}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}\\s\\up5({\fs16 '})}) \\b ({\u920*})|\\s\\up6({\fs20 2}).}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 ({\*\bkmkstart BMcc_dsigma_domega}28{\*\bkmkend BMcc_dsigma_domega})}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 The wave numbers {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i k}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} and {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i k}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}\\s\\up5({\fs16 '})})}}{\fldrslt }}
} follow from the energy conservation {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i E}={\u949*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}})+ \\F({\u295*}\\s\\up6({\fs20 2}){\i k}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}}),2{\u956*})={\u949*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}\\s\\up5({\fs16 '})})+ \\F({\u295*}\\s\\up6({\fs20 2}){\i k}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}\\s\\up5({\fs16 '})}),2{\u956*}).}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 (29)}\par
}\pard\plain\s3\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl480\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0 {\*\bkmkstart BMcrc_couple_eq1}3{\*\bkmkend BMcrc_couple_eq1}  The coupled-reaction-channels method for the transfer reactions\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 Consider a model for the {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i a}+{\i A}{\u8594*}{\i b}+{\i B}}}{\fldrslt }}
} nuclear reaction, in which entrance and exit channels are denoted as {{\u945*}} and {{\u946*}} respectively. The {{\u936*}} total wave function for this model may be given as {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u936*}={\u967*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}}) \\b ({\i0\scaps0\b r}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}})){\u966*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}}) \\b ({\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}}))+{\u967*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u946*}}) \\b ({\i0\scaps0\b r}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u946*}})){\u966*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u946*}}) \\b ({\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u946*}})).}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 (30)}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 with a model Hamiltonian {{\i H}} such that {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ  \\b ({\i E}\u8722?{\i H}){\u936*}=0}}{\fldrslt }}
}. From the projections of this equation onto the two channels, {\par
\pard\plain\s14\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tql\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\u967*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}})| \\b ({\i E}\u8722?{\i H})|{\u936*}{\f5\u9002*}=0}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
\pard\plain\s14\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tql\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\u967*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u946*}})| \\b ({\i E}\u8722?{\i H})|{\u936*}{\f5\u9002*}=0}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
\tab
\tab{\b0 (31)}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 with the two equivalent forms of {{\i H}}, {\par
\pard\plain\s14\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tql\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i H}={\i H}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}})+{\i K}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}})+{\i V}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}})}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
\pard\plain\s14\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tql\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i H}={\i H}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u946*}})+{\i K}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u946*}})+{\i V}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u946*}})}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
\tab
\tab{\b0 (32)}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 one can get a pair of coupled equations for {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u967*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} and {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u967*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u946*}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}: {\par
\pard\plain\s14\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tql\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ  \\b \\bc\\[ (\~ \\b ({\i E}\u8722?{\u949*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}}))\u8722?{\i K}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}})\u8722?{\f5\u9001*}{\u945*}|{\i V}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}})|{\u945*}{\f5\u9002*}\~){\u967*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}})({\i0\scaps0\b r}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}}))={\f5\u9001*}{\u945*}|{\i H}\u8722?{\i E}|{\u946*}{\f5\u9002*}{\u967*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u946*}})}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
\pard\plain\s14\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tql\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ  \\b \\bc\\[ (\~ \\b ({\i E}\u8722?{\u949*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u946*}}))\u8722?{\i K}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u946*}})\u8722?{\f5\u9001*}{\u946*}|{\i V}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u946*}})|{\u946*}{\f5\u9002*}\~){\u967*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u946*}})({\i0\scaps0\b r}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u946*}}))={\f5\u9001*}{\u946*}|{\i H}\u8722?{\i E}|{\u945*}{\f5\u9002*}{\u967*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}}).}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
\tab
\tab{\b0 ()}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 These are {\i the coupled-reaction-channels} (CRC) equations. They are integro-differential equations, as may be seen more explicitly in the form {\par
\pard\plain\s14\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tql\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ  \\b \\bc\\[ (\~ \\b ({\i E}\u8722?{\u949*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}}))\u8722?{\i K}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}})\u8722?{\f5\u9001*}{\u945*}|{\i V}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}})|{\u945*}{\f5\u9002*}\~){\u967*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}})({\i0\scaps0\b r}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}}))= \\i \\in(,, ){{\i d}}{\i0\scaps0\b r}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u946*}}){\i K}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}{\u946*}}) \\b ({\i0\scaps0\b r}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}})\\,{\i0\scaps0\b r}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u946*}})){\u967*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u946*}}) \\b ({\i0\scaps0\b r}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u946*}}))}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
\pard\plain\s14\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tql\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ  \\b \\bc\\[ (\~ \\b ({\i E}\u8722?{\u949*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u946*}}))\u8722?{\i K}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u946*}})\u8722?{\f5\u9001*}{\u946*}|{\i V}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u946*}})|{\u946*}{\f5\u9002*}\~){\u967*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u946*}})({\i0\scaps0\b r}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u946*}}))= \\i \\in(,, ){{\i d}}{\i0\scaps0\b r}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}}){\i K}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u946*}{\u945*}}) \\b ({\i0\scaps0\b r}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u946*}})\\,{\i0\scaps0\b r}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}})){\u967*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}}) \\b ({\i0\scaps0\b r}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}}))}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
\tab
\tab{\b0 (34)}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 where the kernels are {\par
\pard\plain\s14\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tql\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i K}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}{\u946*}}) \\b ({\i0\scaps0\b r}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}})\\,{\i0\scaps0\b r}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u946*}}))={\i J}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}{\u946*}}) \\i \\in(,, ){{\i d}}{\u950*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}}){\u966*}\\s\\up({\fs20 *,{\u945*}}) \\b ({\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}}))({\i H}\u8722?{\i E}){\u966*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u946*}}) \\b ({\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u946*}}))}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
\pard\plain\s14\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tql\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i K}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u946*}{\u945*}}) \\b ({\i0\scaps0\b r}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u946*}})\\,{\i0\scaps0\b r}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}}))={\i J}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u946*}{\u945*}}) \\i \\in(,, ){{\i d}}{\u950*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u946*}}){\u966*}\\s\\up({\fs20 *,{\u946*}}) \\b ({\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u946*}}))({\i H}\u8722?{\i E}){\u966*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}}) \\b ({\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}})).}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
\tab
\tab{\b0 (35)}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 Here the internal coordinates have been transformed from the set {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} to the set {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ  \\b ({\u950*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}})\\,{\i0\scaps0\b r}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u946*}}))}}{\fldrslt }}
}, where the {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u950*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} are independent of {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i0\scaps0\b r}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u946*}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}. Also, {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i J}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}{\u946*}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} is the Jacobian of this transformation. Then {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i J}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u946*}{\u945*}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} is the Jacobian for the analogous transformation form {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i x}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u946*}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} to {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ  \\b ({\u950*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u946*}})\\,{\i0\scaps0\b r}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}}))}}{\fldrslt }}
}.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi360 Since the off-diagonal matrix elements of {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i V}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} are small, they have little effect on the elastic scattering and may be neglected on the right side. This implies that the elastic scattering in the entrance {{\u945*}} channel is described well by the potential {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\u945*}|{\i V}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}})|{\u945*}{\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
}, and the potential {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\u946*}|{\i V}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u946*}})|{\u946*}{\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
} describes well the elastic scattering in the {{\u946*}} channel. By doing this approximation, Eq.\~({\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMcrc_couple_eq1 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{2.33}}}) may be rewritten as {\par
\pard\plain\s14\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tql\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ  \\b \\bc\\[ (\~ \\b ({\i E}\u8722?{\u949*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}}))\u8722?{\i K}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}})\u8722?{\f5\u9001*}{\u945*}|{\i V}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}})|{\u945*}{\f5\u9002*}\~){\u967*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}})({\i0\scaps0\b r}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}})){\u8776*}}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ 0}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
\pard\plain\s14\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tql\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ  \\b \\bc\\[ (\~ \\b ({\i E}\u8722?{\u949*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u946*}}))\u8722?{\i K}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u946*}})\u8722?{\f5\u9001*}{\u946*}|{\i V}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u946*}})|{\u946*}{\f5\u9002*}\~){\u967*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u946*}})({\i0\scaps0\b r}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u946*}})){\u8776*}}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\u946*}|{\i H}\u8722?{\i E}|{\u945*}{\f5\u9002*}{\u967*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}})}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
\pard\plain\s14\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tql\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u8776*}}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\u946*}|{\i V}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}})|{\u945*}{\f5\u9002*}{\u967*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}})+{\f5\u9001*}{\u946*}|{\u945*}{\f5\u9002*}({\i H}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}})\u8722?{\i E}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}})){\u967*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}})}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
\pard\plain\s14\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tql\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u8776*}}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\u946*}|{\i V}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}})|{\u945*}{\f5\u9002*}{\u967*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}})}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
\tab{\b0 ({\*\bkmkstart BMcrc_couple_eq2}36{\*\bkmkend BMcrc_couple_eq2})}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 Here the prior interaction, that is the interaction of the {{\u945*}} channel, is used. The non-orthogonal term {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\u946*}|{\u945*}{\f5\u9002*}({\i H}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}})\u8722?{\i E}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}})){\u967*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} vanishes because of the {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u967*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} is on-shell. The usual Green function techniques may then be used to solve these equations and give {\i the distorted wave Born approximation transition} (DWBA) amplitude. A detailed representation of the amplitude will be done in the next section. \par
\pard\plain\s3\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl480\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0 {\*\bkmkstart BMdwba_amplitude}4{\*\bkmkend BMdwba_amplitude}  Distorted Wave Born Approximation\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 Let consider the nuclear reaction of transfer {{\u957*}} particle from a {{\i A}} nucleus into a {{\i B}} nucleus: {\par
\pard\plain\s14\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tql\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i A}+{\i b}{\u8594*}{\i a}+{\i B}}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
\pard\plain\s14\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tql\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i A}={\i a}+{\u957*}\\,\~{\i B}={\i b}+{\u957*}}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
\tab
\tab{\b0 (37)}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 In the case of weak coupling between intermediate channels, it is reasonable to evaluate the transition amplitude in Born Approximation.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi360 In the rearrangement reactions there are few ways to describe the interaction between the different fragments, one for each partition. For example,if we choose to describe the scattering in terms of the nuclei of the entrance partition, the projectile-target interaction will be written as {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i V}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i A}{\i b}})={\i V}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u957*}{\i b}})+{\i U}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i a}{\i b}}).}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 (38)}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 Here, {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i V}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u957*}{\i b}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} \endash  a binding potential of the {{\u957*}} valence particle with the {{\i b}} core, and it is real potential, {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i U}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i a}{\i b}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} \endash  a complex optical potential describing the scattering state of the {{\i a}+{\i b}} system. In this representation, known as the prior form, the transition amplitude for the transfer process is given by {\par
\pard\plain\s14\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tql\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i T}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i p}{\i r}{\i i}{\i o}{\i r}})=}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\u967*}\\s\\up({\fs20 (\u8722?),{\u946*}}){\u966*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i a}}){\u966*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i B}})|{\i V}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u957*}{\i b}})+{\i U}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i a}{\i b}})\u8722?{\i U}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}})|{\u967*}\\s\\up({\fs20 (+),{\u945*}}){\u966*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i A}}){\u966*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i b}}){\f5\u9002*}=}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
\pard\plain\s14\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tql\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ =}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ  \\i \\in(,, ) \\i \\in(,, ){\i d}{\i0\scaps0\b r}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}}){\i d}{\i0\scaps0\b r}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u946*}}){\u967*}\\s\\up({\fs20 \u8722?,{\u946*}}) \\b ({\i0\scaps0\b r}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u946*}}))\\s\\up17({\fs20 *}){\i I}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u946*}{\u945*}}) \\b ( \\b ({\i0\scaps0\b r}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u946*}})\\,{\i0\scaps0\b r}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}}))){\u967*}\\s\\up({\fs20 +,{\u945*}}) \\b ({\i0\scaps0\b r}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}}))\\,}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
\tab{\b0 ()}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 where {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i0\scaps0\b r}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} and {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i0\scaps0\b r}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u946*}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} \endash  the radius vectors, illustrated in Fig.{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMfig_dwba_scheme \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{2.2}}}, describing relative distance of the {{\i b}+{\i A}} and {{\i a}+{\i B}} systems respectively, {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i U}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} \endash  the optical potential describing elastic scattering of {{\u945*}}-channel, and {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i I}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u946*}{\u945*}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} is the kernel function having form {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i I}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u946*}{\u945*}}) \\b ( \\b ({\i0\scaps0\b r}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u946*}})\\,{\i0\scaps0\b r}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}})))= \\b ({\u966*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i a}}){\u966*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i B}})|{\i V}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u957*}{\i b}})+{\i U}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i a}{\i b}})\u8722?{\i U}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}})|{\u966*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i A}}){\u966*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i b}})).}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 (40)}\par
}{\pard\plain\s31\qc\sb120\sa0\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \sb240 \fi360  \par
\pard\plain\s9\qc\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl480\slmult1 \fi0   \par
\pard\plain\s30\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 {Figure {\*\bkmkstart BMfig_dwba_scheme}2{\*\bkmkend BMfig_dwba_scheme}:  The arrangement of radial vectors in the DWBA on example of the {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i A}+{\i b}{\u8594*}{\i a}+{\i B}}}{\fldrslt }}
} nuclear reaction. Here {{\i A}={\i a}+{\u957*}} and {{\i B}={\i b}+{\u957*}}. }{\field{\*\fldinst TC "2  The arrangement of radial vectors in the DWBA on example of the {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i A}+{\i b}{\u8594*}{\i a}+{\i B}}}{\fldrslt }}
} nuclear reaction. Here {{\i A}={\i a}+{\u957*}} and {{\i B}={\i b}+{\u957*}}. " \\f f}{\fldrslt }}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \sb240 \fi360 Analogously, for the exit channel with {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i V}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i a}{\i B}})={\i V}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i a}{\u957*}})+{\i U}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i a}{\i b}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} the transition amplitude turns to {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i T}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i p}{\i o}{\i s}{\i t}})={\f5\u9001*}{\u967*}\\s\\up({\fs20 (\u8722?),{\u946*}}){\u966*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i a}}){\u966*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i B}})|{\i V}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i a}{\u957*}})+{\i U}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i a}{\i b}})\u8722?{\i U}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u946*}})|{\u967*}\\s\\up({\fs20 (+),{\u945*}}){\u966*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i A}}){\u966*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i b}}){\f5\u9002*}.}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 (41)}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 Here, {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i U}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u946*}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} stands for the optical potential corresponding to {{\u946*}} elastic channel. \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi360 The differential cross section for the rearrangement nuclear reaction within the DWBA, in particular for prior form, may be written as {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ  \\F({\i d}{\u963*},{\i d}{\u937*})\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i D}{\i W}{\i B}{\i A}})= \\F({\u956*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u946*}}){\u956*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}}),2{\u960*}{\u295*}\\s\\up6({\fs20 2})) \\b ( \\F({\i k}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u946*}}),{\i k}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}})))|{\i T}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i p}{\i r}{\i i}{\i o}{\i r}}) \\b ({\i0\scaps0\b k}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u946*}})\\,{\i0\scaps0\b k}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}}))|\\s\\up6({\fs20 2})}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 (42)}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 For the post form the differential cross section is written analogously replacing the corresponding transition amplitude.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi360 In accordance with the DWBA calculations the main ingredients are internal wave functions for both initial {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ  \\b ({\u966*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i A}})\\,{\u966*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i b}}))}}{\fldrslt }}
} and final {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ  \\b ({\u966*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i a}})\\,{\u966*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i B}}))}}{\fldrslt }}
} nuclei. In this scheme, the valence particle {{\u957*}} is bound to the {{\i b}} core to give the composite {{\i B}}. In the simplest picture, the valence particle can be considered a pure single-particle state. This means that within this model there is only one possible configuration of the core and valence particle to give the nucleus {{\i B}}. Thus, the wave function for the nucleus {{\i B}} can be written as {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u966*}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i J}{\i M},{\i B}}) \\b ({\u958*}\\,\~{\i0\scaps0\b r}')= \\b \\bc\\[ ({\u966*}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i I},{\i b}})({\u958*}){\u215*}{\u966*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i l}{\i s}{\i j}})({\i0\scaps0\b r}'))\\s\\do17({\fs20 {\i J}{\i M}})\\,}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 (43)}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 where {{\u958*}} is the intrinsic coordinate of the {{\i b}} nucleus. In a more sophisticated model, however, the state of the composite contains components of many single particle states coupled to all possible core states. Therefore, the wave function {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u966*}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i J}{\i M},{\i B}}) \\b ({\u958*}\\,\~{\i0\scaps0\b r})}}{\fldrslt }}
} may be built as a superposition of the form {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u966*}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i J}{\i M},{\i B}}) \\b ({\u958*}\\,\~{\i0\scaps0\b r}')= \\F(1, \\R(,{\i n}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i B}}))) \\i \\su({\i I}{\i l}{\i j},, ){\f4 {\i A}}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i I}{\i J},{\i l}{\i s}{\i j}}) \\b \\bc\\[ ({\u966*}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i I},{\i b}})({\u958*}){\u215*}{\u966*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i l}{\i s}{\i j}})({\i0\scaps0\b r}'))\\s\\do17({\fs20 {\i J}{\i M}})}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 ({\*\bkmkstart BMeq_composite_expansion}44{\*\bkmkend BMeq_composite_expansion})}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 where the coefficient {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f4 {\i A}}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i I}{\i J},{\i l}{\i s}{\i j}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} is the coefficient of fractional parentage or spectroscopic amplitudes. More information about the SA will be introduced in the next section. The squared value of the amplitude is {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i S}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i I}{\i J},{\i l}{\i s}{\i j}})=|{\f4 {\i A}}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i I}{\i J},{\i l}{\i s}{\i j}})|\\s\\up6({\fs20 2})\\,}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 (45)}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 which is called spectroscopic factors. The spectroscopic factors can be regarded as the probability of finding the valence particle {{\u957*}} in a single particle state {{\i l},{\i s},{\i j}} coupled to the core with spin {{\i I}}. The quantity {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i n}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i B}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} is the number of nucleons or clusters in the composite system. \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi360 Note that the kernel function {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i I}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u946*}{\u945*}}) \\b ({\i0\scaps0\b r}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u946*}})\\,{\i0\scaps0\b r}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u945*}}))}}{\fldrslt }}
} involve the overlap between the composite and core wave functions. Using the Eq.{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMeq_composite_expansion \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{2.44}}} the internal variable {{\u958*}} in the integral can be explicitly performed giving just unity by normalization {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ  \\b ({\u966*}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i J}{\i M},{\i B}}) \\b ({\u958*}\\,\~{\i0\scaps0\b r}')\\,{\u966*}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i I},{\i b}})({\u958*})){\u8801*} \\i \\in(,, ){\i d}{\u958*}{\u966*}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i J}{\i M},{\i B}}) \\b ({\u958*}\\,\~{\i0\scaps0\b r}'){\u966*}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i I},{\i b}})({\u958*})= \\F(1, \\R(,{\i n}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i B}}))) \\i \\su({\i I}{\i l}{\i j},, ){\f4 {\i A}}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i I}{\i J},{\i l}{\i s}{\i j}}){\u966*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i l}{\i s}{\i j}})({\i0\scaps0\b r}')}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 (46)}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi360 The bound wave function {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u966*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i l}{\i s}{\i j}})({\i0\scaps0\b r}')}}{\fldrslt }}
} obey the Schr\'f6dinger equation {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ  \\b ({\i T}+{\i V}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u957*}{\i b}})({\i0\scaps0\b r}')+{\u949*}\u8722?{\i E}){\u966*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i l}{\i s}{\i j}})({\i0\scaps0\b r})=0}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 (47)}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 where {{\u949*}} is binding energy of the valence particle {{\u957*}}.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi360 The spectroscopic amplitude {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f4 {\i A}}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i I}{\i J},{\i l}{\i s}{\i j}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} is an important ingredient of the DWBA method. Since the further calculations take into account the transfer reactions of one particle, it is possible to obtain the spectroscopic amplitude using the Shell model calculations. This allows to reduce the number of free parameters in the CRC calculations. The next section is devoted to defining how spectroscopic amplitudes can be obtained with in the Shell model.\par
\pard\plain\s3\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl480\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0 {\*\bkmkstart BMknmo_basis}5{\*\bkmkend BMknmo_basis}  Spectroscopic Amplitudes within the Shell Model\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 Spectroscopic amplitudes for nuclear reactions can be obtained by calculations within the shell model. However, this approach is limited in calculating the amount of transferred particles. The calculation of matrix elements for the creation operator is suitable only in the case of the one-particle transfers, or at best two particle transfer. In nuclear reactions with the cluster transfer, one should use other theoretical approaches, or achieve certain values by fitting for the best reproduction of the observables 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_brown2017 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{brown2017}}}
].\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi360 Observables for the removal or addition of a nucleon from a specific initial state to a specific final state are related to the matrix elements of the creation and destruction operators. The creation operator {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i a}\\s\\up({\fs20 +,{\i k}{\i m}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} is a tensor of rank {{\i j}} since it creates the single-particle state {|{\i k}{\i m}{\f5\u9002*}}. Here, {{\i k}} stands for the set of single-particle quantum numbers {{\i n}{\i l}{\i j}}. The destruction operator {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i a}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}{\i m}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} is not a tensor of rank {{\i j}}, however, {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ \'e3\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}{\i m}})=(\u8722?1)\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i j}+{\i m}}) \\b \\bc\\[ ({\i a}\\s\\up({\fs20 +,{\i k}\\,\u8722?{\i m}}))\\s\\up17({\fs20 +})=(\u8722?1)\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i j}+{\i m}}){\i a}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}\\,\u8722?{\i m}})}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 (48)}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 is a tensor of rank {{\i j}}. And its inverse is {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i a}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}{\i m}})=(\u8722?1)\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i j}\u8722?{\i m}})\'e3\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}\\,\u8722?{\i m}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}. Corresponding matrix elements of these operators can be written as {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\i k}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i n}\u8722?1}){\u969*}\\s\\up6({\fs20 '}){\i J}\\s\\up6({\fs20 '})||\'e3\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}})||{\i k}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i n}}){\u969*}\\s\\up6({\fs20 }){\i J}\\s\\up6({\fs20 }){\f5\u9002*}=(\u8722?1)\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i j}+{\i J}\\s\\up5({\fs16 '})\u8722?{\i J}}){\f5\u9001*}{\i k}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i n}}){\u969*}\\s\\up6({\fs20 }){\i J}\\s\\up6({\fs20 })||{{\i a}}\\s\\up({\fs20 +,{\i k}})||{\i k}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i n}\u8722?1}){\u969*}\\s\\up6({\fs20 '}){\i J}\\s\\up6({\fs20 '}){\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 ({\*\bkmkstart BMmatrix_elements_of_sa}49{\*\bkmkend BMmatrix_elements_of_sa})}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 where {{\u969*}} \endash  the harmonic oscillator parameter chosen to reproduce the observed mean-square charge radius, {{\i J}} \endash  total spin of the {{\i n}}-particle state. All many-body matrix elements of {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i a}\\s\\up6({\fs20 +})}}{\fldrslt }}
} can be reduced to these involving a single {{\i k}}-state.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi360 Wave-function expansion relations and sum-rules for the states in the {{\i n}\u8722?1} particle system can be obtained by operating with the number operator {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u770\'5e}{\i N}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}})= \\i \\su({\i m},, ){{\i a}}\\s\\up({\fs20 +,{\i k}{\i m}}){{\i a}}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}{\i m}})}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 (50)}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 on the {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i k}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i n}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} configuration and then inserting a complete set of states with {{\i n}\u8722?1} particles {\par
\pard\plain\s14\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tql\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u770\'5e}{\i N}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}})|{\i k}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i n}}){\u969*}{\i J}{\i M}{\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ = \\i \\su({\i m},, ){{\i a}}\\s\\up({\fs20 +,{\i k}{\i m}}){{\i a}}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}{\i m}})|{\i k}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i n}}){\u969*}{\i J}{\i M}{\f5\u9002*}={\i n}|{\i k}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i n}}){\u969*}\\s\\up6({\fs20 }){\i J}\\s\\up6({\fs20 }){\f5\u9002*}=}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
\pard\plain\s14\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tql\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ }}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ = \\i \\su({\i m}{\u969*}'{\i J}'{\i M}',, ){{\i a}}\\s\\up({\fs20 +,{\i k}{\i m}})|{\i k}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i n}\u8722?1}){\u969*}'{\i J}'{\i M}'{\f5\u9002*}{\f5\u9001*}{\i k}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i n}\u8722?1}){\u969*}'{\i J}'{\i M}'|{{\i a}}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}{\i m}})|{\i k}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i n}}){\u969*}{\i J}{\i M}{\f5\u9002*}.}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
\tab{\b0 (51)}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 The matrix element of {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i a}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}\\,{\i m}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} can be reduced with the Wigner-Eckhart theorem {\par
\pard\plain\s14\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tql\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\i k}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i n}\u8722?1}){\u969*}'{\i J}'{\i M}'|{{\i a}}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}{\i m}})|{\i k}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i n}}){\u969*}{\i J}{\i M}{\f5\u9002*}=}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ (\u8722?1)\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i j}\u8722?{\i m}+{\i J}'\u8722?{\i M}'}){}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \qc [Sorry. Ignored {\plain\f3\\begin\{pmatrix\} ... \\end\{pmatrix\}}]\par
}{\u215*}\pard\plain\s14\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tql\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
\tab
{\u215*}{\f5\u9001*}{\i k}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i n}\u8722?1}){\u969*}'{\i J}'||{{\i a}}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}{\i m}})||{\i k}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i n}}){\u969*}{\i J}{\f5\u9002*}.\tab
\tab{\b0 (52)}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 By Eq. {\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMmatrix_elements_of_sa \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{2.49}}} the reduced matrix element of {\'e3} can be converted in a reduced matrix element of {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i a}\\s\\up6({\fs20 +})}}{\fldrslt }}
} to obtain the final result: {\par
\pard\plain\s14\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tql\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u770\'5e}{\i N}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}})|{\i k}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i n}}){\u969*}{\i J}{\i M}{\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ ={\i n}|{\i k}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i n}}){\u969*}{\i J}{\i M}{\f5\u9002*}= \\i \\su({\i m}{\u969*}{\i J}{\i M},, )(\u8722?1)\\s\\up6({\fs20 \u8722?{\i m}\u8722?{\i M}'+{\i J}}){}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \qc [Sorry. Ignored {\plain\f3\\begin\{pmatrix\} ... \\end\{pmatrix\}}]\par
}{\u215*}\pard\plain\s14\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tql\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
\tab
{\u215*}{{\i a}}\\s\\up({\fs20 +,{\i k}{\i m}})|{\i k}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i n}\u8722?1}){\u969*}'{\i J}'{\i M}'{\f5\u9002*}{\f5\u9001*}{\i k}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i n}}){\u969*}'{\i J}||{{\i a}}\\s\\up({\fs20 +,{\i k}})||{\i k}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i n}\u8722?1}){\u969*}'{\i J}'{\i M}{\f5\u9002*}.\tab
\tab{\b0 ()}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 Denoting the {{\i n}}-particle wave function by {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ |{\i k}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i n}}){\u969*}{\i J}{\i M}{\f5\u9002*}{\u8801*}{\i Z}\\s\\up6({\fs20 +})({\i k}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i n}}){\u969*}{\i J}{\i M})|{\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 (54)}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 where {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i Z}\\s\\up6({\fs20 +})}}{\fldrslt }}
} is the linear combination of {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i a}\\s\\up6({\fs20 +})}}{\fldrslt }}
} operator which create the antisymmetric {{\i n}}-particle state, we can thus expand the {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i k}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i n}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} wave function in terms of those in the {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i k}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i n}\u8722?1})}}{\fldrslt }}
} basis: {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ |{\i k}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i n}}){\u969*}{\i J}{\i M}{\f5\u9002*}=(\u8722?1)\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i n}}) \\i \\su({\u969*}'{\i J}',, ) \\F({\f5\u9001*}{\i k}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i n}}){\u969*}'{\i J}||{{\i a}}\\s\\up({\fs20 +,{\i k}})||{\i k}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i n}\u8722?1}){\u969*}'{\i J}'{\i M}{\f5\u9002*},{\i n} \\R(,2{\i J}+1)) \\b \\bc\\[ ({\i Z}\\s\\up6({\fs20 +})({\i k}\\s\\up6({\fs20 ({\i n}\u8722?1)}){\u969*}'{\i J}'){\u215*}{\i a}\\s\\up({\fs20 +,{\i k}}))\\s\\do17({\fs20 {\i J}{\i M}})|{\f5\u9002*}}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 (55)}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 A phase factor {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ (\u8722?1)\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i n}\u8722?1})}}{\fldrslt }}
} arises from commuting {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i a}\\s\\up6({\fs20 +})}}{\fldrslt }}
} with the {{\i n}\u8722?1} particles in the state {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i k}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i n}\u8722?1})}}{\fldrslt }}
}\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi360 A sum rule for the matrix elements of {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i a}\\s\\up6({\fs20 +})}}{\fldrslt }}
} can be obtained by multiplying both sides of Eq. {\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMknmo_basis \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{2.53}}} by {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u9001*}{\i k}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i n}}){\u969*}''{\i J}''{\i M}''|}}{\fldrslt }}
} to obtain {\par
\pard\plain\s14\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tql\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i n}{\u948*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i J}{\i J}''}){\u948*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i M}{\i M}''}){\u948*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u969*}{\u969*}''})}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ = \\i \\su({\i m}{\u969*}'{\i J}'{\i M}',, )(\u8722?1)\\s\\up6({\fs20 \u8722?{\i m}\u8722?{\i M}'+{\i J}}){}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \qc [Sorry. Ignored {\plain\f3\\begin\{pmatrix\} ... \\end\{pmatrix\}}]\par
}{\u215*}\pard\plain\s14\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tql\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\u215*}\tab
{\f5\u9001*}{\i k}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i n}}){\u969*}''{\i J}''{\i M}''|{\i a}\\s\\up({\fs20 +,{\i k}{\i m}})|{\i k}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i n}\u8722?1}){\u969*}'{\i J}'{\i M}'{\f5\u9002*}{\f5\u9001*}{\i k}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i n}}){\u969*}{\i J}||{{\i a}}\\s\\up({\fs20 +,{\i k}})||{\i k}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i n}\u8722?1}){\u969*}'{\i J}'{\f5\u9002*}=\par
\pard\plain\s14\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tql\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
=\tab
 \\i \\su({\i m}{\u969*}'{\i J}'{\i M}',, ){\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \qc [Sorry. Ignored {\plain\f3\\begin\{pmatrix\} ... \\end\{pmatrix\}}]\par
}{\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \qc [Sorry. Ignored {\plain\f3\\begin\{pmatrix\} ... \\end\{pmatrix\}}]\par
}{\u215*}\pard\plain\s14\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tql\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\u215*}\tab
{\f5\u9001*}{\i k}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i n}}){\u969*}''{\i J}''||{\i a}\\s\\up({\fs20 +,{\i k}})||{\i k}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i n}\u8722?1}){\u969*}'{\i J}'{\f5\u9002*}{\f5\u9001*}{\i k}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i n}}){\u969*}{\i J}||{{\i a}}\\s\\up({\fs20 +,{\i k}})||{\i k}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i n}\u8722?1}){\u969*}'{\i J}'{\f5\u9002*}=\par
\pard\plain\s14\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tql\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
=\tab
 \\F({\u948*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i J}{\i J}''}){\u948*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i M}{\i M}''}),2{\i J}+1) \\i \\su({\u969*}'{\i J}',, ){\f5\u9001*}{\i k}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i n}}){\u969*}''{\i J}''||{\i a}\\s\\up({\fs20 +,{\i k}})||{\i k}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i n}\u8722?1}){\u969*}'{\i J}'{\f5\u9002*}{\f5\u9001*}{\i k}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i n}}){\u969*}{\i J}||{{\i a}}\\s\\up({\fs20 +,{\i k}})||{\i k}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i n}\u8722?1}){\u969*}'{\i J}'{\f5\u9002*}.\tab
\tab{\b0 (56)}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 Then, one finds the sum-rule: {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ  \\i \\su({\u969*}'{\i J}',, ){\f5\u9001*}{\i k}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i n}}){\u969*}''{\i J}''||{\i a}\\s\\up({\fs20 +,{\i k}})||{\i k}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i n}\u8722?1}){\u969*}'{\i J}'{\f5\u9002*}{\f5\u9001*}{\i k}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i n}}){\u969*}{\i J}||{{\i a}}\\s\\up({\fs20 +,{\i k}})||{\i k}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i n}\u8722?1}){\u969*}'{\i J}'{\f5\u9002*}={\i n}(2{\i J}+1){\u948*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u969*}{\u969*}''}){\u948*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i J}{\i J}''})}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 (57)}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 Thus: {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ  \\i \\su({\u969*}'{\i J}',, )|{\f5\u9001*}{\i k}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i n}}){\u969*}{\i J}||{{\i a}}\\s\\up({\fs20 +,{\i k}})||{\i k}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i n}\u8722?1}){\u969*}'{\i J}'{\f5\u9002*}|\\s\\up6({\fs20 2})= \\i \\su({\u969*}'{\i J}',, )|{\f5\u9001*}{\i k}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i n}\u8722?1}){\u969*}'{\i J}'||\'e3\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i k}})||{\i k}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i n}}){\u969*}{\i J}{\f5\u9002*}|\\s\\up6({\fs20 2})={\i n}(2{\i J}+1)}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 (58)}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 The matrix elements in which the sum over final states is normalized to unity are historically called coefficients of fractional parentage 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_de1963nuclear \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{de1963nuclear}}}
] (CFP) defined by: {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f4 {\i A}}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i J}{\i J}',{\i l}{\i s}{\i j}})= \\F({\f5\u9001*}{\i k}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i n}}){\u969*}{\i J}||{{\i a}}\\s\\up({\fs20 +,{\i k}})||{\i k}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i n}\u8722?1}){\u969*}'{\i J}'{\f5\u9002*}, \\R(,{\i n}(2{\i J}+1)))}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 ({\*\bkmkstart BMsa_shell_model}59{\*\bkmkend BMsa_shell_model})}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi360 The reduced matrix elements of the creation and destruction operators are used to define the SA associated with nuclear reactions. They are also building blocks for the more complicated operators associated with one-body (such as electromagnetic and {{\u946*}}-decay) and two-body transition amplitudes.\par
\pard\plain\s3\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl480\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0 {\*\bkmkstart BMcoul}6{\*\bkmkend BMcoul}  Double folding potential\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 The numerical calculations of elastic scattering can be performed in the framework of the OM with the optical potential given by:\par
{\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ { \\a \\al \\co1 ({\i U}({\i R})=\u8722?{\i V}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i V}})({\i R})\u8722?{\i i}{\i W}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i V}})({\i R})+{\i V}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i S}{\i O}})({\i R})({\b l}{\u8901*}{\u963*}),\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~+{\i V}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i C}})({\i R});)}}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 ({\*\bkmkstart BMeqn_OP}60{\*\bkmkend BMeqn_OP})}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 where {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i V}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i V}})\\,{\i W}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i V}})\\,{\i V}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i S}{\i O}})\\,}}{\fldrslt }}
} and {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i V}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i C}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} are real volume, imaginary volume, spin-orbit and Coulomb potentials, respectively. The volume potentials of colliding two spherical nuclei may be represented as parametrized function. For example, in practice the Woods-Saxon potential is often used, and it has the form {\par
\pard\plain\s14\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tql\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i V}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i V}}) \\b ({\i r})=}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i V}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i V},0}){\i f}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i r}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i V}})\\,{\i a}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i V}})}) \\b ({\i r})\\,}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
\pard\plain\s14\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tql\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i W}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i V}}) \\b ({\i r})=}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i V}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i W},0}){\i f}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i r}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i W}})\\,{\i a}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i W}})}) \\b ({\i r})\\,}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
\pard\plain\s14\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tql\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i f}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i r}\\s\\do5({\fs16 0})\\,{\i a}\\s\\do5({\fs16 0})}) \\b ({\i r})=}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ  \\F(1,1+{{\i e}{\i x}{\i p}} \\b ( \\F({\i r}\u8722?{\i r}\\s\\do6({\fs20 0}),{\i a}\\s\\do6({\fs20 0}))))\\,}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
\tab{\b0 (61)}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 where {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i V}\\s\\do6({\fs20 0})}}{\fldrslt }}
} is depth of the potential, {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i r}\\s\\do6({\fs20 0})}}{\fldrslt }}
} is average distance and {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i a}\\s\\do6({\fs20 0})}}{\fldrslt }}
} is diffusion parameter. \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi360 The spin-orbit term of the OM potential has standard form {\par
\pard\plain\s16\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tqc\tx3450\tql\tx3795\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i V}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i S}{\i O}})({\i r})}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ ={\i V}\\s\\up({\fs20 {\i S}{\i O},0}) \\b ( \\F({\u295*},{\i m}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u960*}}){\i c}))\\s\\up17({\fs20 2}) \\F(1,{\i r}) \\F({\i d},{\i d}{\i R}){\i f}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i R}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i S}{\i O}}){\i a}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i S}{\i O}})})({\i r}).}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
\tab{\b0 (62)}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 The Coulomb term has been taken as the interaction of a point-charge with a uniformly charged sphere \par
\pard\plain\s11\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i V}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i C}})({\i r})={}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \qc [Sorry. Ignored {\plain\f3\\begin\{cases\} ... \\end\{cases\}}]\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi360 The situation changes, when the colliding nuclei have sophisticated shape. Assume, that there are nuclear matter distribution of the projectile {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u1009*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i a}}) \\b ({{\i r}}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i a}}))}}{\fldrslt }}
} and target {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u1009*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i A}}) \\b ({{\i r}}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i a}}))}}{\fldrslt }}
}, depending on internal their own radii. Folding the nucleon-nucleon interaction potential {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i V}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i n}{\i n}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} over the density distributions of nuclear matter, in the framework of {\i the Double folding model} an interaction potential may be constructed as follow {\par
\pard\plain\s14\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tql\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i V}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i V}}) \\b ({\i r})=}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i N}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i f}}){\i V}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i D}{\i F}}) \\b ({\i r})}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
\pard\plain\s14\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tql\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i V}\\s\\up6({\fs20 {\i D}{\i F}}) \\b ({\i0\scaps0\b r})=}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ  \\i \\in(,, ) \\i \\in(,, ){{\i d}}{\i0\scaps0\b r}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i a}}){{\i d}}{\i0\scaps0\b r}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i A}}){\u1009*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i a}}) \\b ({\i0\scaps0\b r}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i a}})){\i V}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i n}{\i n}}) \\b ({\i r}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i a}{\i A}})){\u1009*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i A}}) \\b ({\i0\scaps0\b r}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i A}})).}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
\tab{\b0 ({\*\bkmkstart BMdf_potential}63{\*\bkmkend BMdf_potential})}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 where {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i r}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i a}{\i A}})=|{\i0\scaps0\b r}+{\i0\scaps0\b r}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i A}})\u8722?{\i0\scaps0\b r}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i a}})|}}{\fldrslt }}
} (see Fig.\~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMfig_df_scheme \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{2.3}}}). The {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i N}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i f}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} normalization parameter is usually fitted in accordance with the dynamics of nuclear reaction of elastic scattering.\par
{\pard\plain\s31\qc\sb120\sa0\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \sb240 \fi360 \par
\pard\plain\s9\qc\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl480\slmult1 \fi0   \par
\pard\plain\s30\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 {Figure {\*\bkmkstart BMfig_df_scheme}3{\*\bkmkend BMfig_df_scheme}:  Radius vectors for the double folding model. }{\field{\*\fldinst TC "3  Radius vectors for the double folding model. " \\f f}{\fldrslt }}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \sb240 \fi360 The form of DF potential ({\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMdf_potential \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{2.63}}}) used in this work is the Direct folding potential. In addition, if one takes into account the effects of nucleon exchange, the Exchange term of the DF potential must be added (for more, see 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_luk2008double \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{luk2008double}}}
]). The DF potential may be calculated using the effective M3Y-Paris 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_anantaraman1983effective \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{anantaraman1983effective}}}
] nucleon-nucleon potential and the nuclear-matter-densities of projectile and target nuclei. \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi360 The {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i V}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i n}{\i n}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} effective nucleon-nucleon interactions usually are taken as a sum of the three Yukawa potentials, i.e. M3Y-potentials. For both isoscalar (T=0) and isovector (T=1) the M3Y-potentials have a form as {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i V}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i n}{\i n}})({\i r})= \\i \\su({\i i}=1,3, ){\i N}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}) \\F({{\i e}{\i x}{\i p}}(\u8722?{\u956*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\i r}),{\u956*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}}){\i r}).}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 (64)}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi360 The parameters {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i N}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u956*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} of the M3Y-Paris effective NN-potential 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_anantaraman1983effective \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{anantaraman1983effective}}}
], often used in the double folding calculations, are given in Tab.{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMm3y_potpar \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{2.1}}}.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi360 The dependence {{\i g}({\i E})} of the folding potential on the collision energy and an additional dependence on the nuclear matter density in the region of their overlap {{\i F}({\u1009*})} have been phenomenologically established. The folding potential is usually taken as the real part of the optical potential, adjusting its depth to better reproduce the experimental data. The imaginary part of the optical potential is selected in the form of the Woods-Saxon potential, or the same folding potential, while varying its depth.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi360 The potential depending on the collision energy of the projectile, undergoes a change by multiplying a factor {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i g}({\i E})=1\u8722?0.003 \\F({\i E},{\i A}).}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 (65)}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 An additional dependence of the {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i V}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i n}{\i n}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} potential on the total density of colliding nuclei in the region of their overlap may given as {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i F}({\u1009*})={\i C} \\b (1+{\u945*}{{\i e}{\i x}{\i p}} \\b (\u8722?{\u946*}{\u1009*})\u8722?{\u947*}{\u1009*}({\i0\scaps0\b r})).}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 ({\*\bkmkstart BMF_dependence}66{\*\bkmkend BMF_dependence})}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 with the parameters {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\i C}=0.2658\~\~{\u945*}=3.8033{\u946*}=1.4099\~\~{\u947*}=4.0\tab{\b0 (67)}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi360 For the particles {{\i t}}, {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ \\s\\up6({\fs20 3})}}{\fldrslt }}
}He, {{\u945*}}, which have simple structure, the density distribution of nuclear matter can be represented as parametrized Gaussian function as follow {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u1009*} \\b ({\i r})={\u1009*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 0}){{\f0 {\i e}{\i x}{\i p}}} \\b (\u8722?{\u945*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 0}){\i r}\\s\\up6({\fs20 2}))}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 (68)}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 where the parameters {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u1009*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 0})}}{\fldrslt }}
} and {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u945*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 0})}}{\fldrslt }}
} are defined in condition to reproduce the rms matter radii {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u945*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 0})= \\F(3,2{\f5\u9001*}{\i r}\\s\\up({\fs20 2,{\i m}}){\f5\u9002*})\\,{\u1009*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 0})={\i a} \\b ( \\F({\u945*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 0}),{\u960*}))\\s\\up17({\fs20 3/2})}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 (69)}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 here {{\i a}} \endash  atomic number of projectile. \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi360 The density distributions in ({\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMdf_potential \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{2.63}}}) are normalized so that {\par
\pard\plain\s14\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqr\tx3105\tql\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ  \\i \\in(,, ){\u1009*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i a}})({\i0\scaps0\b r}){{\i d}}{\i0\scaps0\b r}={\i a}}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab
\tab
\tab{\b0 (70)}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 where {{\i a}} is atomic mass of projectile. For the target nucleus {{\i A}} normalization has the equivalent form.\par
{\pard\plain\s32\qc\sb120\sa0\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0 \par
\pard\plain\s30\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 {Table {\*\bkmkstart BMm3y_potpar}1{\*\bkmkend BMm3y_potpar}:  Parameters of the M3Y-Paris 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_anantaraman1983effective \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{anantaraman1983effective}}}
] NN-potential with the Direct and Exchange terms.}{\field{\*\fldinst TC "1  Parameters of the M3Y-Paris 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_anantaraman1983effective \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{anantaraman1983effective}}}
] NN-potential with the Direct and Exchange terms." \\f t}{\fldrslt }}\par
{\pard\plain\s30\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \par
{\trowd\cellx1108\cellx2132\cellx3240\cellx4180\cellx5288\cellx6900
{\pard\intbl\ql { {{\i i}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qr {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i N}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, MeV}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qr {\~}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qr {\~}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qr {\~}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\ql {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u956*}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i f}{\i m}\\s\\up6({\fs20 \u8722?1})}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\cellx1108\cellx2132\cellx3240\cellx4180\cellx5288\cellx6900
{\pard\intbl\ql {\~}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qr {Direct T=0\~}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qr {Exchange T=0}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qr {Direct T=1}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qr {Exchange T=1}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\ql {}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\cellx1108\cellx2132\cellx3240\cellx4180\cellx5288\cellx6900
{\pard\intbl\ql { 1}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qr {11061.60}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qr {-1524.25}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qr {313.62}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qr {-4118.9}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\ql {4.0000}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\cellx1108\cellx2132\cellx3240\cellx4180\cellx5288\cellx6900
{\pard\intbl\ql {2}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qr {-2537.5}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qr {-518.75}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qr {223.5}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qr {1054.75}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\ql {2.5000}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\cellx1108\cellx2132\cellx3240\cellx4180\cellx5288\cellx6900
{\pard\intbl\ql {3}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qr {0.0}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qr {-7.84}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qr {0.0}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qr {2.62}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\ql {0.7072}\cell}
\row}
} \par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \sb240 \fi360 As regards target nuclei, having cluster structure, the density distribution of nuclear matter is calculated by means of the three body wave function, and its details are set out in the Section {\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMsection_density_function \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{1.5}}} .\par
\page
\pard\plain\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs40\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 Chapter 3\par
\pard\plain\s2\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs40\sl480\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0 The three-body wave functions and their properties\par
\pard\plain\s3\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl480\slmult1 \sb480 \fi0 {\*\bkmkstart BMsection_3bwf}1{\*\bkmkend BMsection_3bwf}  The three-body wave functions\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 The three-body wave functions are calculated within the SVM. The obtained parameters {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i C}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i i}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} for ground state of the {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ \\s\\up6({\fs20 6})}}{\fldrslt }}
}He nucleus are listed in Application {\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMAppendixB \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{B}}}. The calculations were done using the RSC potential 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_day1981three \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{day1981three}}}
] for nucleon-nucleon interaction, the SBB potential 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_sack1954elastic \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{sack1954elastic}}}
] for {{\u945*}}-{{\i N}} interaction and the BFW potential 
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_buck1977local \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{buck1977local}}}
] for {{\u945*}}-{{\u945*}} interaction. In Tab. {\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMtab_variational_data \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3.1}}} the relative weights of the ground state wave function components and eigenvalues the three body systems are listed{\cs62\super\chftn}
{\*\footnote\pard \s65\ql\fi-113\li397\lin397\f0\fs24{\cs62\super\chftn} The obtained data of the variational calculations are not the subject of our research, since the results, perhaps better ones, have already been published and discussed. The purpose of the section result of the three-body wave function is to familiarize with what wave function we are dealing with, and its features will be needed in further discussions.}
.\par
{\pard\plain\s32\qc\sb120\sa0\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs24\sl480\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0 \par
\pard\plain\s30\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 {Table {\*\bkmkstart BMtab_variational_data}1{\*\bkmkend BMtab_variational_data}:  The ground state energies {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i E}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i g}{\i s}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} of the three-body systems and the weights of the wave function components found by means of the SVM for the {\up8\fs20 6}He, {\up8\fs20 6}Li{\up8\fs20 9}Be. The set of quantum numbers {{\u947*}{\u8801*}\{{\u955*}{\i l}{\i L}{\i S}\}}, the dimension {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i N}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u947*}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} and the component weights {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f4 {\i W}}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u947*}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} ({\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMwf_normalizations \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{1.32}}}) are listed. }{\field{\*\fldinst TC "1  The ground state energies {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i E}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i g}{\i s}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} of the three-body systems and the weights of the wave function components found by means of the SVM for the {\up8\fs20 6}He, {\up8\fs20 6}Li{\up8\fs20 9}Be. The set of quantum numbers {{\u947*}{\u8801*}\{{\u955*}{\i l}{\i L}{\i S}\}}, the dimension {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i N}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u947*}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} and the component weights {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f4 {\i W}}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u947*}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} ({\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMwf_normalizations \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{1.32}}}) are listed. " \\f t}{\fldrslt }}\par
{\pard\plain\s30\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl480\slmult1 \fi0 \par
{\trowd\clmgf\cellx1227\clmrg\cellx2520\clmrg\cellx3282\clmgf\cellx3879\clmrg\cellx4343\clmrg\cellx5105\clmgf\cellx5702\clmrg\cellx6133\clmrg\cellx6895
{\pard\intbl\qc { {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ \\s\\up6({\fs20 6})}}{\fldrslt }}
}He\cell}
{\pard\intbl\cell}
{\pard\intbl}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ \\s\\up6({\fs20 6})}}{\fldrslt }}
}Li\cell}
{\pard\intbl\cell}
{\pard\intbl}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ \\s\\up6({\fs20 9})}}{\fldrslt }}
}Be\cell}
{\pard\intbl\cell}
{\pard\intbl}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\clmgf\cellx1227\clmrg\cellx2520\clmrg\cellx3282\clmgf\cellx3879\clmrg\cellx4343\clmrg\cellx5105\clmgf\cellx5702\clmrg\cellx6133\clmrg\cellx6895
{\pard\intbl\qc { {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i E}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i g}{\i s}})=\u8722?0.228}}{\fldrslt }}
}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\cell}
{\pard\intbl}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i E}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i g}{\i s}})=\u8722?3.258}}{\fldrslt }}
}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\cell}
{\pard\intbl}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i E}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i g}{\i s}})=\u8722?1.417}}{\fldrslt }}
}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\cell}
{\pard\intbl}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\clmgf\cellx1227\clmrg\cellx2520\clmrg\cellx3282\clmgf\cellx3879\clmrg\cellx4343\clmrg\cellx5105\clmgf\cellx5702\clmrg\cellx6133\clmrg\cellx6895
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i E}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i e}{\i x}{\i p}})=\u8722?0.970}}{\fldrslt }}
}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\cell}
{\pard\intbl}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i E}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i e}{\i x}{\i p}})=\u8722?3.70}}{\fldrslt }}
}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\cell}
{\pard\intbl}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\qc {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i E}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\i e}{\i x}{\i p}})=\u8722?1.570}}{\fldrslt }}
}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\cell}
{\pard\intbl}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\cellx1227\cellx2520\cellx3282\cellx3879\cellx4343\cellx5105\cellx5702\cellx6133\cellx6895
{\pard\intbl\ql { {{\u955*}\~{\i l}\~{\i L}\~{\i S}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\ql {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i N}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u947*}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\ql {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f4 {\i W}}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u947*}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\ql {{{\u955*}\~{\i l}\~{\i L}\~{\i S}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\ql {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i N}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u947*}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\ql {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f4 {\i W}}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u947*}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\ql {{{\u955*}\~{\i l}\~{\i L}\~{\i S}}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\ql {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i N}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u947*}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
{\pard\intbl\ql {{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f4 {\i W}}\\s\\do6({\fs20 {\u947*}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}}\cell}
\row}
{\trowd\cellx1227
{\pard\intbl\ql {{